
                               1 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 19, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Antarctica's icy grip may be slowly loosening

BYLINE: Jack Williams

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 1187 words

DATELINE: McMURDO STATION, Antarctica


McMURDO STATION, Antarctica -- Scientists and others who work
in Antarctica call it "The Ice."

As you fly here from New Zealand, you can see why. The immensity
of the ice is overwhelming. For the last two hours of the eight-hour
trip, practically the only thing visible out the airplane window
is ice. Only a few bare mountain peaks hint that Antarctica is
made of anything but ice.

Imagine the 48 contiguous states and maybe half of Mexico covered
with ice, and you have Antarctica.


It is a continent of about 5.4 million square miles. Ice, averaging
1.6 miles deep, covers 97.6% of it, giving the continent 90% of
the world's ice and 70% of all of the globe's fresh water -- in
the form of ice.

Which causes scientists to consider two questions: What effect
might global warming have on The Ice? And what might that do to
the rest of the world?

If all of Antarctica's ice melted, sea levels around the world
would rise by about 200 feet.

Fortunately, straightforward melting isn't going to send water
from Antarctica's ice washing through the streets of New York
City and London. Even the most drastic scientific scenarios for
global warming don't envision Antarctica warming enough to melt
all of this ice for at least hundreds of years.

Still, scientists worry that some of Antarctica's ice will melt
as the world's climate warms, whether naturally or because of
gases that humans add to the atmosphere.

The weak spot could be the West Antarctic Ice Sheet, or WAIS.
That's where scores of scientists, technicians and others are
living in tents and huts during Antarctica's summer research season,
from November to February. They're trying to determine how much
of a threat the melting is to the world's coastal areas.

The WAIS covers the part of Antarctica south of the Pacific Ocean
inland to the Transantarctic Mountains. It contains about 11%
of the ice that sits on the continent. Scientists say it's more
likely to collapse than the large East Antarctic Ice Sheet because
its bottom is mostly below sea level. Water from a melted WAIS
could push global sea levels as much as 20 feet higher than normal.

On the rocks

Ice moves slowly -- a few feet a year -- toward the edges of Antarctica
much like pancake batter spreads out as you pour it on a griddle.
Much of the WAIS's ice moves onto the Ross and Ronne ice shelves,
which are floating on the ocean. These range from about 4,000
feet thick where they are connected to the ice sheet to 600 feet
thick at the ocean end. The Ross Ice Shelf stretches about 450
miles from the ice sheet to the ocean and is about 600 miles wide.
The Ronne Ice Shelf is a little smaller.

If these shelves melted, as they could in a warmer world, ocean
water would be able to lap directly at the bottom of the ice sheet,
undermining it and allowing large chunks of ice to fall into the
sea to melt.

The shelves could melt while the main ice sheet stays frozen solid
because they are in warmer parts of Antarctica and because sea
water eats at them from the bottom as well as the edges.

Icy rivers

Many scientists feel the key to figuring out how likely the WAIS
is to collapse any time in the next 200 years lies in the rivers
of ice called "ice streams." Instead of moving toward the sea
like one huge glacier, WAIS's ice moves in streams -- rivers of
ice running between banks of ice.

"Since the ice is coming out in streams, it moves much faster
and can respond more quickly (to climate and other changes). This
might also give it the capability to go into a collapse," says
Robert Bindschadler of NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt,
Md., one of the scientists working in Antarctica this month.

Bindschadler and his team are placing Global Positioning System
receivers, which use satellites to determine location and elevation
within inches, on the ice. Data from these instruments will show
details of ice stream movement.

Another group is using hot water to drill to the bottom of the
ice near the edge of one of the ice streams. They will study the
ground-up rock and water beneath the stream that seem to act as
a lubricant, enabling ice to slide more easily over the underlying
rock.

Other researchers are using special drill bits to pull up cores
of ice from the top to the bottom of the ice sheet. This ice began
as snow that fell on Antarctica thousands of years ago. Its chemical
makeup and the dust and other materials in it have stories to
tell about past climates, which could shed light on the future
of the WAIS.

If scientists find that human-caused climate change is endangering
the WAIS, that might encourage people to do more to stop that
kind of warming.

Those who study the sheet have many opinions about what it's likely
to do. But "one outcome that may be put aside for the moment
is a sudden collapse that causes a sea level rise in the coming
century," says the Environmental Defense Fund's Michael Oppenheimer,
who recently wrote an article for the journal Nature about
the state of the WAIS.

No matter what happens, Oppenheimer says, "it would take at least
several hundred years for the ice to melt. It's not something
that's going to happen overnight."

Rising water

About the worst scenario scientists can imagine is for a warmer
climate to cause the Ross Ice Shelf to quickly grow thinner and
disintegrate. Without it, the ice sheet would begin collapsing,
and melting ice would raise global sea levels as much as 20 feet
in 250 to 400 years.

A 20-foot sea-level rise would wipe out many islands, especially
in the tropics, and any coastal towns that aren't on cliffs. Any
place with an elevation of 20 feet or less would be underwater.
As the sea level rises, storms would have a more serious effect
as waves and storm surge became more severe.

Another possibility is that the ice sheet is inherently stable.
If that's the case, the ice streams might slow down, reducing
the amount of ice going into the ocean. The extra snow falling
on Antarctica from warmer air would more than make up for the
melting ice and actually slow the sea-level rise.

Oppenheimer thinks the most likely scenario is for melting to
increase gradually during the coming century, with the Ross Ice
Shelf finally gone in about 200 years. During that time, the Antarctic
would contribute up to 7 inches a century to global sea-level
increase.

With the Ross Ice Shelf gone, the West Antarctic Ice Sheet would
begin to collapse, which would take another 500 to 700 years.
During that period, melting Antarctic ice would add around 20
to 50 inches a year to global sea levels.

This seems like a long time away. Why worry about it now?

"My son is 6 months old," Oppenheimer says. "Assuming he has
children when he's 30, and his children live 75 to 80 years, my
grandchildren will be here" when a melting of the West Antarctic
Ice Sheet could begin affecting the world.

"The grandchildren of people living today will be affected,"
he says. "We have an obligation to them."

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Dave Merrill, USA TODAY, Source: Jane Ferrigno, U.S.
Geological Survey; The West Antarctic Ice Sheet Initiative; USA TODAY research
by Jack Williams (Illustration)

TYPE: SCIENCE

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               2 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 16, 1999, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Global warming propaganda trumps science

BYLINE: David Mastio

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 1373 words


This week, seven environmental groups released a worldwide map
packed with more than 100 anecdotes and reports of scientific
studies that purport to prove catastrophic global warming is on
our doorstep.

Backed by a high-powered public relations strategy, the environmental
groups -- including the Natural Resources Defense Council and
the Union of Concerned Scientists -- intend to convince a skeptical
American public that global warming is real, not an alarmist fantasy.

The weight of their evidence is impressive. Global warming, they
say, is subtly changing the world one little piece at a time.
They have the stories to prove it, from the Canadian Arctic to
the South Pacific, from California to Cairo.


But they've cooked their books, leaving out evidence that doesn't
fit. Although much of what they report is cause for concern, as
a whole, their map is as much a big lie as any created by a Soviet-era
dictator.

Don't get me wrong: More and more scientists are concluding that
global warming is here and that technology and industrialization
are helping it along. Almost all scientists who study this agree
that if there is warming, it's likely to cause big problems.

But that picture neglects a more subtle view. The "global warming"
scientists agree about today is not the "global warming" we
first heard about in the 1980s.

The early predictions of global warming included temperature changes
of up to 10 degrees during the next 50 years. Today's best estimate,
endorsed by the United Nations, is about 4 degrees over 100 years
-- still cause for concern, but only about half the temperature
change spread over twice the time. Scientists moved most of the
way toward the original skeptics' views on many issues before
a consensus formed.

Nor is the science settled. Only a year ago, the father of global-warming
concerns, James Hansen of NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies,
said, "The (forces) that drive longterm climate change are not
known with accuracy sufficient to determine future climate change."

That doesn't mean warming isn't happening or that we should do
nothing. It just means we should pay careful attention to all
of the evidence. In that interest, here are some factors that
are confusing the global warming picture:

Sometimes anecdotes and reality collide

ANIMALS/PLANTS

Scientists expect global warming to shift habitat, change mating
behavior and even disrupt migratory patterns. There is evidence
for much of what scientists predict, but often links to global
warming turn out to be wrong.

1 England: Environmental groups point to a study saying
"31% of 65 bird species studied in 1995 laid their eggs earlier
than in 1971 by an average of 8.8 days." What they don't tell
you is that the average change across all 65 species has been
two days, which is a totally insignificant natural fluctuation.

2 Canadian Arctic: Global-warming proponents report
that "Peary caribou numbers dropped from 24,000 in 1961 to as
few as 1,100 in 1997, mostly because heavy snowfalls and freezing
rain covered their food supply." A central idea of real science
is "falsifiability" -- the idea that there must be a way for
evidence to prove your hypothesis wrong. In the case of anecdotes,
environmentalists avoid this pitfall by assuming that almost anything
fits their theory: more snow or less, colder air or warming air,
it doesn't matter.

3 Minnesota: For several years, scientists have been trying
to determine the cause of an alarming number of strange frog deformations.
At first, global warming was blamed along with other environmental
problems. But the latest study shows the Frankenstein frogs were
probably the victims of a natural parasite.

4 American Midwest, Brazil, France: Environmentalists predict
that global warming will put massive strains on world food production,
as weather patterns and planting seasons are disrupted. Today,
farmers in the major food-exporting countries are suffering, but
it's not from climate change; it's from declining prices as a
result of increased productivity. In 1998, warming advocates blamed
a drought in Texas that ravaged the cotton crop on global warming,
but only a year later cotton prices are at record lows.

GLACIERS AND POLAR ICE

Global climate models predict that one of the effects of climate
change will be the melting of glaciers. Indeed, some of the strongest
regional warming has been in polar regions. But questions remain
about why the glaciers are melting.

5 West Antarctic Ice Sheet: "Nearly 1,150 square miles
of . . . ice shelves collapsed between March 1998 and
March 1999," say the environmental groups. Only one remaining
ice sheet is so large the ice sinks to the bottom of the ocean.
Environmentalists point to the fact that this last one may be
breaking up as proof of global warming. What they neglect to mention
is that, according to a study recently published in Science,
the sheet has been retreating by several hundred feet a year for
more than 7,000 years.

6 Himalayas: The environmentalists' map says "scientists
predict the loss of all central and eastern Himalayan glaciers
by 2035." But an analysis of local temperature data collected
by the United Nations shows a statistically insignificant cooling
trend.

7 Greenland: While many mountain glaciers are melting,
other more important ones are expanding. A study in Geophysical
Research Letters said the largest mass of polar ice in the
Northern Hemisphere, the Greenland Ice Sheet, thickened by 7 feet
during the 1980s alone.

DISEASE

A nasty side effect of global warming, according to a recent
U.N. report, may be the spread of deadly diseases by insects that
are far more common in tropical climes than in more temperate
areas. But there are questions about whether there's a link to
climate change.

8 Central America, Colombia and Kenya: According to map
anecdotes, newly invigorated disease-carrying mosquitoes "spread
to higher elevations," carrying with them deadly infections.
What the map doesn't say is that some of the diseases spread in
underdeveloped countries are due to increased travel between disease-rich
lowland areas and highland areas that used to be very isolated.

9 Philadelphia: Mosquitoes are expected to bear the deadliest
"tropical" infestations into the United States, but those diseases,
such as yellow fever, malaria and dengue fever, are anything but
foreign to our soil. In 1793, yellow fever broke out in Philadelphia,
killing thousands. The same thing happened in 1878 in Memphis.

10 Alabama: Eight times between the 1800s and 1940, dengue
fever spread from the southeastern U.S. states to warmer nations
in the Caribbean, according to a top Centers for Disease Control
researcher.

11 Holland: Was only declared malaria-free by the World
Health Organization in the 1970s. Prior to World War II, malaria
was common in much of Europe, the former Soviet Union and parts
of the USA and Canada.

STORMS, FIRES AND HEAT

Researchers expect global warming to make weather more unpredictable
and powerful. And the '90s have been the hottest on record, with
a global rash of wildfires. But there's more to this story.

12 Chicago: In January 1994, a record-setting arctic blast
gripped the Midwest, closing Chicago's schools for the first time
due to cold. Nationally, 130 people died. Record lows were recorded
in five states.

13 Melbourne: When it's winter in the Northern Hemisphere,
it's summer in the south. Still, the coldest January in 132 years
hit Australia in 1992.

14 Jerusalem: That same month, it was very cold in a lot
of places. The capital of Israel was blanketed by the most snow
in more than 40 years.

15 Florida: The map also blames increased forest fires
on global warming. But fires just as large burned there around
the turn of the century and again in the 1930s.

16 Caribbean: Global warming is being blamed for more frequent
and more damaging storms, such as the hurricanes that batter this
area. But the period between 1991 and 1994 was the "quietest"
on record for hurricane activity.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Grant Jerding, USA TODAY(Map); PHOTO, b/w, GNS; PHOTO,
b/w, Mark Wilson, AP; PHOTO, b/w, Todd Lewan, AP; PHOTO, b/w, Adrin Snider, AP;
PHOTO, b/w, Tim Friend, USA TODAY

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               3 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 20, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Tide turns on tech Money floods industrials

BYLINE: David Rynecki

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1128 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK -- After months of feast for the few and famine for the
many, the stock market is in the grips of a vicious rotation that
has investors fleeing pricey technology stocks in search of downtrodden
industrial giants.

On a day that underscored the conflict in the market, the Dow
Jones industrial average -- entering the session on a streak of
five consecutive records -- more than gave back an early 272-point
advance Monday, ending the day down 53 points at 10,441. Components
General Electric, IBM and Wal-Mart retreated, while long-forgotten
names such as United Technologies and 3M stormed higher.

The Nasdaq composite fared far worse. Proving that its reliance
on a handful of tech names can be as punishing on the way down
as it is rewarding on the way up, the measure tumbled 138 points,
or 5.6% -- its second-steepest point drop ever -- to 2346 on near-record
volume of 1.2 billion shares. Shaken by recent earnings lapses
at leading computer and software firms, investors sold shares
of Intel, Dell Computer and Microsoft.


What left money managers, analysts and traders scrambling for
answers Monday is the simplest of market actions: rotation, the
flood of money out of stocks that have been market leaders into
those that have been left behind and are perceived as bargains.
That flow of cash has been taking place for most of the month
and is a primary reason the Dow is less than 1% below its record
Friday while the Nasdaq is nearly 10% below its April 12 high.

Longer term, this is a development that could have stunning implications
for investors, possibly providing the fuel to keep the bull market
running while leaving some of Wall Street's favorite stocks in
shambles. The driving forces:

* Global warming. Investors are plowing into economically
sensitive stocks because they believe the global financial crisis
is over, and demand for U.S. goods is picking up.

* Tech letdown. Expecting flawless earnings performance,
many investors were unhinged by recent evidence of a slowdown
in the tech sector. Compaq's earnings woes, revealed last week,
were the latest among a score of disappointments.

* Lofty prices. Tech stocks are trading at historically
high valuations. America Online, for instance, trades at 515 times
its trailing 12 months earnings. Meanwhile, many industrials and
small-company stocks are priced assuming the worst.

No matter how much they might have anticipated an eventual rotation,
Wall Street professionals are astounded by the speed of the transformation.

"I don't think I've ever seen a sector rotation happen this dramatically,"
says Andy Brooks, head trader at mutual-fund firm T. Rowe Price.
"It's somewhat disconcerting."

Whether this shift will last much longer is anyone's guess. Most
analysts were forecasting continued dominance by fewer than 50
stocks until industrials began to surge last week. But what is
clear is that the market is no longer being powered by a handful
of stocks.

Leading indexes fell Monday, but most stocks gained. Advancers
beat decliners 1,944 to 1,201 on the New York Stock Exchange.

It's about time

How many individual investors in the past year have done a double
take when they compared the performance of their mutual funds
to the indexes? Most mutual fund managers have trailed the performance
of the S&P 500 for nearly four years. Last year nearly 83%
of all stock funds did not match the S&P's returns.

Being invested in the overwhelming majority of stocks has been
a torture test. Even after recent gains, Merrill Lynch market
analyst Richard McCabe notes that few investors have actually
shared in the exuberance over the Dow's march to 10,000. Most
stocks are trapped in a bear market. McCabe found:

* Even after recent gains, 51% of NYSE issues are down
at least 20% from a year ago; 27% are down more than 40%.

* 61% of all Nasdaq stocks are down at least 20%, and 38%
are down 40%.

That is starting to change.

James Bond market

This is the bull market that doesn't know when to quit. Like 007,
every time it is pushed into a corner with a gun to its head,
some amazing feat occurs that shocks everyone. Last fall it was
three interest rate cuts by the Federal Reserve that brought the
global economy back from the brink of collapse. Now it is the
disarray among the leaders that could allow more investors to
reap rewards as money is distributed more evenly in the market.
"You've seen a thorough routing of the gloom and doom school,"
says Jim Griffin at Aeltus Investment Management.

By hacking away at the top tech stocks and testing a wide variety
of forgotten names, investors are breathing new life into the
bull market. Note that Monday's casualty list read like a Who's
Who list of former sure-things: America Online, down 23 7/8 to
$ 115 7/8 ; Microsoft, down 5 5/8 to $ 81; Dell, down 2 13/16 to
$ 35 7/16; and Cisco Systems, down 5 11/16 to $ 100. Such declines
-- just the latest of the setbacks -- have forced those who relied
on a handful of stocks for their performance to get more creative.

As proof, consider that broader market issues left behind by the
bull market are playing a serious game of catch up. Oil stocks,
for example, now top the list of best-performing stocks for April.
And small-company stocks are showing signs of life.

"By unraveling the bull market winners you lay the groundwork
for a more balanced advance," says Lynn Yturri of Banc One.

Not good for all

Yet there are reasons for concern. Logic suggests that when the
climate is good for cyclicals, it's bad for others. Hot demand
for oil, paper and chemicals can lead to global inflation and
ultimately persuade the Federal Reserve to raise short-term interest
rates to cool the economy. "The risk is not that the world economy
evaporates but that it strengthens," Griffin says. "That would
switch the Fed from being our friend to our foe."

But Fed Vice Chair Alice Rivlin signaled Monday that the Fed is
in no rush to change rates (story, 1B).

Strategist Thomas Galvin at Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette argues
that inflation in the USA is barely a blip on the radar screen,
because global economies are only beginning to emerge from last
year's crisis.

Salomon Smith Barney strategist Marshall Acuff -- who earlier
this year stunned many by suggesting that it was time to move
away from large-company stocks -- says sentiment could temporarily
turn back to the big tech stocks if, for example, Microsoft pleases
investors when it releases quarterly earnings later today.

But the trend will not stop, and more money will flow toward stocks
once scorned. Says Acuff, "All this is very healthy."

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Julie Stacey, USA TODAY, Sources: Bloomberg and AP (BAR
GRAPH, CHART)

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               4 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 12, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Earth continues warming trend Average temperature in 1998 hottest in more than a
century

BYLINE: Traci Watson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 283 words


The Earth's average temperature in 1998 was the warmest since
trustworthy measurements first were made 119 years ago, the National
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration reported Monday.

The planet's average surface temperature was 58.1 degrees, 1.2
degrees higher than recent years' average.

The news confirmed what had seemed likely for months. Last year,
the White House held almost monthly news conferences to let a
sweaty nation know that it had been the warmest January, the hottest
June, the steamiest July and so forth.

Even before the year ended, the World Meteorological Organization
was calling 1998 the hottest year since 1860. Both the U.S. agency
and the international group noted that 1998 was the 20th straight
year to be warmer than the long-term average.

However, this does not mean each year will continue to get warmer,
scientists say.

Part of the warmth of 1998 was because of one of the strongest
El Ninos that the 20th century has ever seen. El Nino, a pool
of warm ocean water off the coast of Latin America, affects climate
worldwide.

But some scientists view the heat of 1998 as an indication of
global warming caused by greenhouse gas emissions, which are released
by factories and cars. Many scientists say the gases are building
up and trapping heat in the Earth's atmophere.

"El Nino was certainly a contributor," says Tom Karl, senior
scientist at NOAA's National Climatic Data Center in Asheville,
N.C. ". . . The only explanation consistent with the data is
an increase in greenhouse gases."

That view, though, is not undisputed. Some scientists say human-caused
global warming is not likely to happen at all.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Melanie Einzig, AP

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               5 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 19, 1999, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Scientists study 'gas can' fueling huge hurricanes

BYLINE: Paul Hoversten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 1056 words


Scientists are probing the depths of the Gulf of Mexico in new
tests to learn why some low-grade hurricanes turn into monster
storms just hours before they hit land.

Warm-water eddies swirling in the gulf have long been suspected
of injecting extraordinary energy into relatively weak hurricanes
that pass over. Now scientists are testing the theory with aircraft
and new ocean sensors to make the first, detailed study of the
phenomenon.

Their timing couldn't be better: Forecasts call for a busier-than-normal
hurricane season ahead. They say three or more intense Atlantic
hurricanes are possible in the peak season of mid-August to late
October.


"The eddy acts like a big gas can," says Nick Shay at the University
of Miami's Rosenstiel School of Marine and Atmospheric Science.
"There's a heat transfer that occurs that causes the hurricane
to intensify."

Over the past two decades, scientists have steadily improved their
ability to predict where a hurricane might go. But they haven't
been able to determine how much stronger the storm might get along
the way. If tests in the gulf are successful, scientists could
be able to demystify forces that intensify a storm and thus issue
better, faster warnings about a hurricane's severity.

Watching eddy

Researchers at the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
(NOAA) are focusing efforts on an eddy 100 miles across that's
forming now in the gulf. It's a warm column of water that develops
every 11 to 14 months when a looping Atlantic current that usually
swings around Florida gets caught in the gulf and begins spinning.
The eddy moves 2 to 3 miles a day in a west-southwesterly direction
and takes about six to nine months to travel the gulf.

Research indicates that a hurricane can pick up force anywhere
it passes over water that is at least 78 degrees Fahrenheit. Parts
of the gulf stay that warm down to depths of 90-150 feet during
peak hurricane season. But a gulf eddy is especially dangerous
because water in it stays that warm down to at least 350 feet.

The result is a huge volume of deep, warm water that becomes the
perfect breeding ground for a catastrophic hurricane.

Eddies also have formed off the Eastern seaboard, and others have
been spotted in the Atlantic between the Bahamas and Bermuda.
But the largest and deepest eddies occur in the Gulf of Mexico.

"These eddies are almost an infinite supply of energy for hurricanes,"
says Peter Black of NOAA's Atlantic Oceanographic Meteorological
Laboratory in Miami. "That's why it's important that we develop
the methods and techniques to study them."

Black and Shay are leading the unique project to survey the eddy
in the stages before, during and after a hurricane arrives.

They are using new sensors, funded by the National Science Foundation,
that will be dropped into the gulf by planes to measure currents,
density and temperature within the eddy to depths of up to 4,500
feet.

Earlier this month, scientists dropped 36 sensors into the eddy
as a test run. Once a hurricane appears headed for the gulf, researchers
will release more sensors into the water. Additional sensors will
be dropped by planes flying into the hurricane as it passes over
the eddy, and again after the storm passes. The data then will
be analyzed to see how much energy the eddy gave up to the storm.

Results of the tests could have great implications for better
understanding and forecasting hurricanes, which caused $ 2.25 billion
in damage in the USA last year. Major hurricanes, with winds stronger
than 115 mph, cause 80% of all hurricane-related damage, and rapid
intensification causes the most catastrophic storms, researchers
say.

"We don't know all the factors that can cause rapid intensification,"
says Hugh Willoughby, NOAA's chief of hurricane research. "But
what we do know is that warm eddies were a factor in some memorable
gulf storms."

Cases in point

Hurricanes Opal in 1995 and Camille in 1969 both are believed
to have been revved up by gulf eddies.

Opal grew overnight from a slow-churning, minimal storm to a fast-moving
monster with 150-mph winds. The ensuing panic snarled traffic
and overflowed shelters from Florida to Tennessee. A catastrophe
was averted only because Opal weakened to 115 mph by the time
it hit land in Florida. Still, it killed 63 people and caused
$ 3 billion in damage.

Camille, one of the most powerful storms on record, danced across
the gulf for days before screaming ashore 30 years ago this week
on Mississippi's Gulf Coast with 200 mph winds and a 30-foot wall
of water.

Camille then charged up the Mississippi Valley before turning
east and swamping parts of Virginia three days later. Three hundred
people died along its path.

Researchers have found that warm-water eddies also were present
in 1900 when an unnamed hurricane hit Galveston, Texas, killing
at least 6,000 in the nation's deadliest natural disaster.

This hurricane season is expected to be busy because of global
atmospheric conditions that include a weak layer of wind across
the tropical Atlantic Ocean and below-average air pressure across
the tropical Atlantic and Caribbean Sea. Those conditions make
it easy for hurricanes to form and travel across the sea. So far
this year, there has been only one tropical storm, Arlene, which
sputtered out in the Atlantic in June. A tropical storm carries
winds of 39 to 73 mph. It becomes a hurricane when sustained winds
reach 74 mph.

But NOAA has more than 100 of the new ocean sensors, enough to
last through even the busiest hurricane months ahead.

"We look at a major hurricane in the gulf with mixed emotions,"
Willoughby says. "It can't get out without destroying some coastal
real estate. On the other hand, the only way to learn how the
(eddy) affects rapid intensification requires that a hurricane
pass over it."

While the sensors record ocean data, NOAA's WP-3D Orion aircraft
and its new Gulf Stream IV jet will measure winds around the hurricane
in order to improve computer forecasting models. Doppler radars
and other instruments will analyze the winds on shore at hurricane
landfall.

"We aren't hoping for a barn-burner," Shay says, "but if we
get one, we'll be ready."

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Bob Laird, USA TODAY, Source: Sippican Inc., NOAA
(Diagram); PHOTO, B/W, Mark Foley, AP; Devastation: Panama City Beach, Fla.,
residents survey damage wrought by Hurricane Opal in October 1995. Scientists
believe Opal, which killed 63 people and did $3 billion in damage, was
intensified by a warm-water eddy.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               7 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 26, 1999, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Lander to try to get scoop on Mars

BYLINE: Paul Hoversten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 530 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- The Mars Polar Lander is on its way to a landing
where no spacecraft has gone before: a gently rolling, icy plain
about 500 miles from the Martian south pole.

Scientists said Wednesday that they picked the site because it
might hold clues to how Mars' climate changed over time and where
its once-abundant water might have gone.

The dusty, light-orange-colored terrain is sprinkled with white,
frosty patches of carbon dioxide ice. The landscape shows intriguing
signs of repeated climate change throughout the geologic history
of the planet.


The probe is scheduled to land there at 3:30 p.m. ET on Dec. 3,
which would be about 4:20 a.m. in the Martian day.

Unlike the Mars Pathfinder probe that used a rover machine to
sniff rocks in 1997, Polar Lander has an extendable arm with a
scoop to dip into the soil and search for signs of water. It has
three cameras and a small oven to melt and analyze samples of
the icy dust.

"Digging into its surface will be like reading tree rings or
layers of an ice core," said Richard Zurek, project scientist
at NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif.

"The presence of fine layers of dust and ice with varying thickness
will indicate changes in weather patterns and layer formation
that have been repeated in recent history."

One of the cameras, on the "wrist" of the robot arm, can see
features as small as half the diameter of a human hair. But Polar
Lander will not be able to determine whether there is, or ever
was, life on Mars.

"Our life-detection ability is limited to (the camera) seeing
something walking by or a bone sticking up somewhere," Zurek
said.

The lander also carries two smaller "microprobes" that will
separate from the spacecraft on its way down, smash into Mars
and search for water or ice 3 feet below the surface.

Polar Lander is the first spacecraft to carry a microphone to
pick up the sounds of Mars. It might be able to hear wind or dust
storms stirred up in the polar region.

The target zone is relatively safe for the lander, which will
have a precarious, five-minute final ride to the ground.

Polar Lander will speed into the planet's atmosphere at 15,400
mph, causing its protective heat shield to reach 3,000 degrees
Fahrenheit. Atmospheric friction will slow the spacecraft to about
1,000 mph.

Then a parachute will open, slowing Polar Lander's speed to about
180 mph. Finally, for the last half-mile to the surface, it will
use small retro-rockets to slow its descent.

It will plop down on the terrain at about 5 mph, the equivalent
force of a person jumping off a 2[#189]-foot step on Earth.

The landing on Dec. 3 occurs toward the end of spring in the Martian
southern hemisphere, where temperatures plunge to 238 below zero.
The sun will shine all day, moving higher and lower in the sky
but never dipping below the horizon.

"It's the land of the midnight sun, like being in the Arctic
Circle on Earth," Zurek said.

The constant sunshine will power the lander's solar panels for
90 days until the Martian seasons change, the mission ends, and
the lander becomes Martian litter.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, color, NASA(Illustration); GRAPHIC, color, Bob Laird, USA
TODAY, Source:NASA(Illustration); PHOTO, color, NASA; Target: The blue oval in
this artist's rendering of the Martian south pole marks where NASA hopes to set
down the Mars Polar Lander.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               8 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 19, 1999, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Multinationals must be flexible to be successful BP chief: Listen, as well as
speak

BYLINE: Del Jones

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 12B

LENGTH: 1247 words


Sir John Browne, 51, has been CEO of London-based
oil giant BP Amoco since 1995. Queen Elizabeth knighted him in
1998 for his leadership in industry. Browne spent half of his
career in the USA, and when he talked with USA TODAY reporter
Del Jones on the challenges of operating a large company
in a global economy, he requested coffee, not tea.

Economic sanctions

Q: You write that the USA has some form of economic sanction
on 50% of the world's population. How does a company operating
on six continents cope?

A: Sanctions are part of the political reality, and I don't believe
that will change anytime soon. Companies should try to engage
with each country to produce prosperity and work. Each situation
has to be handled realistically and sensitively. And you must
know that things always change, that's one thing for sure. We
lobby. We explain what our context is and what's important to
us. Equally, I think we have to listen to governments, as well.
There is no point in trying to do something that is actually impossible,
so listening as well as speaking is very important.

Responsibilities of a multinational

Q: Multinationals must balance what is best for the company
with what is best for the home country and with what is best for
countries in which they operate. Suppose BP Amoco faced a choice
between a cruel dictatorship and a socialist government that would
nationalize the oil industry if it took power. What should it
do?

A: These are very difficult, hypothetical questions. Running an
oil company is not a matter of setting up a trading room with
a few telephones. We've got a lot of capital on the ground. So
we have to think about doing business for the very long term.
National interests are very important because we're made up of
people from nations. We also recognize that things change. We
have to figure out what is the total risk we can take. Sometimes,
things change faster than we expect. Russia has had a very rapid
deterioration of the business environment in the last three years.
Algeria has become a much better place to do business. Multinationals
should engage. By creating economic activity, there is the possibility
to demonstrate a third, different way. What companies shouldn't
do is throw away values, policies on the environment, ethics,
safety and diversity.

Handling diversity

Q: Companies in the USA know something about diversity. But
multinational companies encounter global diversity. What lessons
have you learned operating in more than 100 countries, from Mexico
to Saudi Arabia?

A: You must have values and policies that, as practical as possible,
are consistent around the world. Sometimes, that puts you in a
tough position. During apartheid in South Africa, we were on the
edge of going beyond the law. First, you have to get national
diversity right. Base things on merit, but be very inclusive and
make sure there are opportunities regardless of background.

Changing technology

Q: To many, technology means computers and the Internet. Does
that mean traditional companies, such as those in the oil industry,
should feel largely left out?

A: Many people get a picture of a roughneck when they think of
drilling an oil well. But it is a very surgically clean process,
and it's very high-tech. We use a spectrum of technologies, including
the Internet, e-commerce and e-procurement. However, much of it
deals with the physical. Not just bytes, but real mortar and real
brick. The things that have really pushed the boundaries of technology
are things like developing fields in deep water... have no problem
drilling under 5,000 feet of water where the limit was a few hundred
feet a few years ago. We can drill wells horizontally, getting
oil that would otherwise be trapped. That's like serving a tennis
ball from our office in London and having it land in the service
square at center court in Wimbledon 9 kilometers away. We can
see through big layers of salt rock, which is like seeing through
a mirror. We can draw real pictures of reservoirs in a virtual
theater. Over the last 10 years, technology has driven the cost
of a barrel of oil down over 5% in real terms every year. We can
find, develop and produce a barrel at $ 5 to $ 6, about half of
what it cost a few years ago.

Life after a merger

Q: Large mergers, such as those BP has undertaken with Amoco
and Arco, are often praised for unleashing efficiency. Don't they
also create inefficient bureaucracies?

A: There are two things to worry about. The first is bureaucracy.
The second is driving out entrepreneurs. BP Amoco is divided into
120 business units. We give them very clear direction, but also
a vast amount of space. You could accuse us of converting the
company into an inefficient conglomerate, but we haven't because
the units are broadly in the same industry...ny people think that
standardization is the way to get the lowest cost, but I suggest
there is a cost to that, too. As you standardize, you drive out
accountability and creativity. We benchmark not only against competitors,
but against the best performing units on the inside.

Profiting in a commodity industry

Q: The oil industry has long been a commodity industry, which
means you must accept the going price. Oil prices are rising now,
but they slumped for years. Today, long-distance is 5 cents a
minute, brokerage commissions are $ 7 a trade. What is your advice
for companies who have suddenly found themselves in your price-squeezed
world?

A: Even in the oil industry, we have to pick the business we're
going to be in. BP Amoco is very active in exiting and acquiring
business. Year on year for the last 10 years, we've sold $ 2.5
billion of assets. We're also acquiring assets, doing mergers.
You have to use your wits and recognize the threat and the benefit
of technology. We look at cost continually. In the end, there
are not absolutes. There are only competitive comparisons, and
every day, people live and breathe what competitors do and ask
themselves what can be done to put themselves in a better position
than competitors.

The U.S. business model

Q: A decade ago, companies were trying to figure out why Japanese
companies were so successful. Today, the U.S. business model is
being studied. Is this also a trend, or is there something lasting
about the way U.S. companies operate?

A: I'm afraid I'm biased. I spent over half of my business life
in the United States, and I was partly educated here. The reality
is, the United States has a great belief in progress and how technology
and incentives can allow progress to take place in an open market.
These are enduring. What will the business model look like in
10 years? I don't know. But I'm sure it will have these points:
free trade, market-based economies, a level playing field, transparencies
and good linkages across nations.


Tips for corporations

* When dealing with foreign governments, multinational companies
must lobby to be heard. But they also must listen.

* Creating jobs and prosperity can help change inhumane governments.

* Diversity policies must be consistent worldwide. They must be
merit-based but inclusive to those of all backgrounds.

* When it comes to technology, think beyond computers and software.
Think of solutions that drive costs down.

* Always ask what can be done better and at less cost than the
competition.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Janet Durrans for USA TODAY; Browne: BP Amoco's chief
executive says companies must have values and policies that, as practical as
possible, are consistent around the world.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               9 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 12, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Antarctic trickle-down effect: Global flooding over 7 millennia Melting ice
sheet could lift sea 1 inch every 26 years

BYLINE: Dan Vergano

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 8D

LENGTH: 629 words


Say goodbye to Boston, aloha to Honolulu and hasta la vista
to San Diego.

Last week, scientists revealed that those cities, and anything
else less than 16 feet above sea level, face inexorable drowning
because of a melting Antarctic ice cube roughly the size of Egypt.

But don't start packing yet, says study leader Howard Conway of
the University of Washington in Seattle. The West Antarctic Ice
Sheet has been melting for at least 7,500 years, and, barring
runaway global warming, it will take 7,000 more years to disappear.


"It represents the largest potential cause of sea level change
in the world," Conway says. He estimates that the ice sheet will
shrink more than 400 feet a year, raising the world's oceans 1
inch every 26 years.

As the sheet shrinks, sea water apparently nibbles at its foundations,
freeing the ice from the seabed to float in the half-frozen Ross
Sea. The exposure of the ice sheet's foundations to sea water
makes the sheet uniquely unstable, says Brenda Hall of the Woods
Hole Oceanographic Institution in Maine, a study author.

Added to the ongoing decline, global warming "could be catastrophic,"
Conway says.

To confirm the sheet's ebb, Conway and colleagues recorded radar
images of the ice below their tents while they were stationed
for four months on Roosevelt Island, an ice dome. Erosion of ice
layers there told a story of slow decline in western Antarctica's
icy covering.

"Nothing indicates an imminent collapse of the ice sheet awaits
us," says Charles Bentley of the University of Wisconsin-Madison.
He describes the ice's retreat as "a response to the end of the
last ice age."

Essentially, it's a delayed response: The last ice age began its
retreat 17,000 years ago. A lengthy delay in the South Pole's
response to climatic change could play into estimates of how global
warming will affect climates worldwide, Bentley says.

Published Friday in Science, the study accompanied two
looks at the glacial streams atop the ice sheet. The streams,
slowly shifting rivers of ice, can move icebergs 300 feet a year,
fast by glacial standards.

"Clearly, Antarctica is receding," says Mark Drinkwater of NASA's
Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena, Calif. "There's no reason
to believe it's related to contemporary global warming." In one
analysis, researchers from his lab used radar images collected
by the Canadian RADARSAT satellite to look at the movement of
four vast ice streams on the West Antarctic Ice Sheet.

The satellite photos revealed that the glacial streams follow
valleys in the frozen seabed, lubricated by moisture at the foot
of the ice sheet. The ice starts slowly in upstream tributaries
and picks up speed as it joins the active streams.

One of the ice streams, despite possessing two active tributaries,
has slowed its passage of ice into the Ross Sea. As a result,
a "bulge" in the surface of the stream, 44 miles wide and almost
1,900 feet high, has piled up in its midst. The reason that ice
streams turn on and off remains a mystery central to understanding
why the West Antarctic Ice Sheet is shrinking, Drinkwater says.

The other study, led by Robert Ackert of Woods Hole and the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology, found evidence of ice erosion far in
the interior of the Western Antarctic Ice Sheet, where the ice
streams start. Based on dating of volcanic ash on the sides of
glaciers, the innermost part of the sheet began receding about
3,000 years ago.

Melting polar ice is a global concern, says Richard Moss of the
Pacific Northwest National Laboratory branch in Washington, D.C.
Under current conditions, a 20-inch sea rise would double the
annual number of flood victims worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Dave Merrill, USA TODAY (Diagram)

TYPE: SCIENCE

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               15 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 9, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Town choked by asbestos struggles to overcome a homemade disaster

BYLINE: Dennis Cauchon

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 4161 words

DATELINE: SZCZUCIN, Poland


SZCZUCIN, Poland --

The little girl's father was a burly, hard-working man. He fixed
machines at the asbestos cement factory here, striding through
clouds of asbestos dust to keep cranky Soviet-era equipment running
seven days a week in a quest to meet quotas set by Communist Party
officials.

He died an exceptionally painful death from mesothelioma, a rare
cancer of the lungs that is linked to inhaling asbestos fibers.
As he lay dying, it hurt to breathe or to speak.


Malgorzata Rosa was 10 at the time. "My little girl's heart has
never healed," she says of her father's death.


Now the little girl is a 30-year-old mother whose husband is dying
of the same cancer. Her husband, Weislaw Rosa, never worked at
the asbestos factory, but he, his wife and their two boys live
a quarter of a mile from the plant in a two-room attic apartment
in a crumbling gray building.

"Asbestos will leave me an orphan and a widow," Malgorzata Rosa
says, wiping tears from her eyes. "I fear my children will be
next. We all breathe the same air, after all."

Szczucin (pronounced sh-CHOO-chin), a town of 2,800 in southern
Poland, is essentially an asbestos dump. Leftover asbestos from
the asbestos cement plant, the town's biggest employer for 40
years, has been used to pave the town's roads and playgrounds
and to build houses and barns. Local ditches and fields are littered
with discarded asbestos.

Szczucin is not alone. The victims here are part of a worldwide
epidemic of asbestos-related diseases that is now emerging in
poorer nations. The epidemic will kill at least 1 million more
in the next few decades, a health disaster whose scope far exceeds
the well-publicized asbestos-related cancer epidemic that befell
workers exposed to asbestos in the USA and other industrialized
nations.

Here in Szczucin, the asbestos-related deaths are part of the
Soviet empire's legacy of environmental degradation and disregard
for workers' health.

Russia has been the world's largest asbestos producer for 50 years.
It still produces 720,000 metric tons a year, one-third of the
world's total. Most of it comes from strip mines in the
Ural Mountains and is exported primarily to former communist countries
and the Third World. Under Soviet rule, Eastern European countries
were compelled to use massive amounts of Russian asbestos in such
things as building materials, water pipes, brake linings and textiles.

The unsafe use of asbestos continued with little modification
until the fall of communism in 1991, two decades after asbestos
dangers became widely known.

Few towns have suffered more than tiny Szczucin. Asbestos has
been a way of life here since the asbestos cement factory opened.
Mothers knitted sweaters for children from asbestos cloth. The
cloth was used for rugs and slipcovers. Many residents routinely
kept piles of asbestos handy for little projects around the house.
The piles would often be left uncovered, sending dangerous fibers
aloft with every gust of wind.

The town has one of the highest rates of cancer in Poland and
what is believed to be the highest cancer death rate in Europe,
according to a study done for the town by Poland's Nofer Institute
of Occupational Health. The death rate is so high because asbestos-related
cancers, such as incurable mesothelioma, are among the deadliest
forms of the disease.

The cement factory stopped using asbestos last September under
orders from the Polish Parliament. But the number of cancer cases
will continue to increase for many years because of widespread
contamination and because it takes 15 years or more from the time
of exposure to the appearance of most asbestos-related cancers.

The Soviet legacy

Although asbestos-related deaths in the USA peaked at 7,500 in
1991, such fatalities are expected to increase annually in the
former Soviet bloc until at least 2010. Little can be done to
prevent those deaths; exposure has already occurred.

The exact number of asbestos-related deaths cannot be determined.
In the Soviet era, asbestos-related deaths essentially did not
occur -- according to official reports. Studies showing otherwise
were censored or confined to a small circle of experts.

Even today, Russian scientists maintain that asbestos-related
disease is virtually non-existent in that country because of Russia's
outstanding safety precautions -- a claim met with skepticism
by occupational health specialists who have visited the country.Scientists in
other former Soviet bloc nations have begun
documenting widespread death and health problems from the use
of Russian asbestos.

"It's a funny thing about Russian asbestos: It causes no health
problems until it crosses the border, when suddenly and mysteriously
it causes cancer," says Richard Lemen, a former U.S. assistant
surgeon general who helped organize a medical conference on asbestos
14 months ago in Hungary.

Epidemiologists base their estimates of a spiraling death rate
on the amount of asbestos used, scattered Soviet-era data on dust
levels and a handful of medical studies done in the former communist
countries.

As in Poland, many deaths involve people who never worked with
asbestos but lived near manufacturing plants that operated with
few pollution controls.

USA TODAY interviewed health authorities in eight former communist
countries and could not identify a single instance in which significant
safety precautions were taken.

Every day, rail cars full of Russian asbestos arrived at factories
throughout Eastern Europe to be unloaded by hand and processed
with negligible safety controls.

Conditions were worse than those in North America and Western
Europe, with one exception: In the West, ship workers once sprayed
asbestos inside ships as fireproofing insulation, an extremely
hazardous job because of the dust concentrated in a confined space.
This practice was not common in Eastern Europe because of the
cost. Only important buildings, such as Communist Party headquarters
in Warsaw, were sprayed with asbestos insulation.

In the 1990s, conditions have improved dramatically at some Eastern
European asbestos plants that have attracted Western investors.
But the precautions taken still generally fall short of the practices
followed in the USA. At plants that have not attracted Western
investment, few changes have been made.

"Because asbestos use was widespread throughout the 1970s and
1980s, we expect to see the consequences for another 30 or 40
years," says Neonila Szeszenia-Dabrowska, head of epidemiology
at the Nofer Institute of Occupational Health. "The factories
were state-owned then. There was no inclination to change."

Doctors muzzled

In 1987, Bogdan Przygocki, an idealistic young doctor at the Gdansk
Shipyard, issued an unauthorized warning to workers about the
dangers of asbestos. He took an officially approved poster warning
against venereal disease and wrote on the back with a red felt-tip
pen: "Attention! The following machines can be operated safely
for a maximum of 15 minutes per day due to hazardous dust exposure."

Workers crowded around the poster before it was removed two days
later. Przygocki was fired from the shipyard's medical clinic.
"The punishment could have been worse," he says. "I could have
been prosecuted, because under communism it was a crime to tell
workers their health was in danger. That was a state secret."

Today, in post-communist Poland, Przygocki is director of the
Gdansk Medical Clinic, built partly with money Lech Walesa donated
from the Nobel Prize he won in 1983 for leading the anti-communist
Solidarity movement.

"Under communism, doctors were more concerned about the health
of the state than the health of their patients," Przygocki says.
"My colleagues in the clinic thought I was doing a good thing
(by putting up the warning poster), but there was no sense to
it. They figured I'd just get kicked out, which I did."

In the Soviet system, most doctors specializing in occupational
health remained silent even though they were fully aware of the
dangers of asbestos through personal experience and medical studies
done in the West.

"The dangers of asbestos were well-known and discussed by (Soviet
bloc) scientists since the 1960s, but for various reasons, it
never got outside the community of scientists," says Szeszenia-Dabrowska,
Poland's leading expert on asbestos.

"All data on the dangers were kept confidential until 1978, when
the first article appeared in one of our professional journals,"
she says. "Since the 1980s, the data has been published, but
it was not widely disseminated outside the professionals."

Wieslaw Renke, director of the Institute of Tropical and Maritime
Medicine in Gdynia, Poland, conducted a study in 1976 that found
that asbestos dust levels in northern Poland shipyards were dozens
of times higher than those allowed even by lenient Soviet-era
standards.

Shipyard insulation workers, mainly women who wrapped pipes in
asbestos cloth, were exposed to 97 milligrams of dust per cubic
centimeter of air, nearly 50 times the 2 milligram standard allowed
under Soviet-era health standards. Shipyard carpenters were exposed
to 77 milligrams of asbestos dust while smoothing surfaces. More
than 60% of the 143 workers in the study were suffering lung problems.

The study was not published. The workers were not told its results.

"It was the Communist way. If you didn't investigate, there was
no problem. And if you found a problem, you didn't publish it,"
Renke says. "Either way, no problem."

In 1980, Renke went to Moscow for a conference on asbestos. "It
opened my eyes," he recalls. "From reports given by colleagues
in other communist countries, I realized it was a catastrophe
on a large scale."

His worries proved accurate. "Since I began my first study, I've
watched cancers increase at a horrible rate right before my eyes,"
he says.

"It's hard to say why this problem was never addressed. Certainly,
censorship was active. But publication among a limited group of
professionals, myself included, was not censored after 1980. Yet
we knew we could not tell the workers, and nobody tried. To consider
writing an article for a popular newspaper, for example" -- he
laughs -- "that would have been unimaginable."

Even today, the legacy of the Communists' bogus record-keeping
makes it impossible for scientists to document the extent of the
asbestos epidemic. If an official job description did not include
using asbestos, for example, then official records show that asbestos
was not used -- even if it was.

"Asbestos shows up in the weirdest places," Szeszenia-Dabrowska
says.

At the Gdansk Shipyard, four carpenters in a shop of 20 men died
of mesothelioma. Officially, the men had no contact with asbestos.
But doctors later discovered they had for years been using asbestos-reinforced
wood. The surviving carpenters were given face masks to protect
them from dust. "After communism fell, we found out that the
face masks were made of asbestos!" says Przygocki, the fired
shipyard doctor.

"We can never know the truth because, back then, there was official
truth and unofficial truth. We had workers who did not exist working
with machines that did not exist, all because the Communist planners
said such jobs and machines did not exist," Przygocki says. "You
could have a bag of asbestos labeled 'ASBESTOS' in big letters,
and it might be officially recorded as nails."

Perhaps most serious, under communism, many peasant farmers worked
in asbestos cement factories for several months in exchange for
asbestos roofs for their houses. No studies of the farmers have
been done. Officially, they have had no asbestos exposure.

Przygocki says, "A farmer gets a pain in the chest and dies.
Who's going to blame that on his exposure to asbestos 20 years
ago? As the peasants say, 'Life is tough, then you die.' "

Poland reports only 70 cancer deaths per year from occupational
causes. Renke estimates that the true figure is at least 2,500
deaths per year.

Nearly all occupation-related cancers in Poland go unreported
or unrecognized. Officially, the leading occupational disease
in Poland is "excessive use of voice" by teachers, which puts
about 3,000 teachers per year on disability rolls. "When I say
this at conferences, everybody laughs," Renke says. "But the
teachers are a very powerful lobby. Even today, our statistics
reflect quirks of Communist rules rather than reality."

A teacher with a worn-out voice gets the same one-time payment
-- three to five months' pay -- as a worker diagnosed with fatal
mesothelioma.

Until 1986, asbestos cement was used for the outside panels of
prefabricated buildings, the classic square, gray apartment buildingscommon in
communist cities. Today, that asbestos is wearing
off the paneling and floating through the air. "Our climate is
windy and rainy and cold, causing the material to crumble and
send asbestos all over the place," Renke says.

From farm to factory

The asbestos cement factory built in Szczucin 40 years ago was
part of the grand communist plan to industrialize and modernize
one of Poland's poorest regions. For generations, peasant farmers
have struggled to keep their families fed, trying to grow food
in poor soil.

In communist Poland, peasant farmers would ride bicycles from
the countryside, even in snowy winters, to work at Asbestos Pipe
Co., a huge and inefficient factory four times the size of a Western
plant of comparable productivity.

Railroad cars stopped inside the building, where workers unloaded
pure asbestos -- white fibers that ranged in size from specks
to several millimeters long -- with shovels and rakes. Asbestos
was sent through grinders, crushers and mixers, producing massive
amounts of dust.

A conveyer belt of asbestos fabric carried the materials around
the unventilated plant as asbestos was processed into pipes and
corrugated roofs. It returned to the railway dock, where 50 to
100 rail cars a day were loaded by hand.

"There was dust everywhere -- in your hair, your clothes, your
socks," recalls Jan Pyzik, a peasant farmer who worked at the
plant from 1964 to 1980. "You couldn't see a guy working 10 feet
away. We were always scratching because the fibers made our clothes
itch. Workers' noses bled from the dust."

After their shift was over, workers put sacks of asbestos waste
on the backs of their bicycles and motor scooters to take home,
where it was used to make everything from clothes to courtyards,
farm roads to houses.

"I built my barn with it," Pyzik says, pointing across his asbestos
courtyard. "You can tell: The whiter it is, the purer the asbestos.
My wife helped make this courtyard from asbestos." Pyzik chips
asbestos dust into the air with a pitchfork.

His wife washed his clothes and worked every day in a house, stable
and barn made from asbestos bricks.

Maria Pyzik died of mesothelioma at the age of 55 in 1994.

During the two months she was sick, she received a $ 30-a-month
farm wife's pension. By the third month, the mailman refused to
deliver the check. He knew she was dead.

Pyzik, 61, suffers from asbestosis, a hardening of the lungs.
He can't walk far before becoming short of breath. He hires a
man to tend his eight acres.

Pyzik wears a cap with the asbestos cement factory's logo. It
was given to him by two sons who work at the plant.

"All my friends from the plant are dead," he says. "Jozef Krupa
and his son, Bogo, both worked with me in the transport department.
Both died of cancer. Wladyslaw Krol, slightly older than me, died
15 years ago. Jan Big -- the funniest man around -- died of cancer,
too. Should I go on?"

Pyzik points to a nearby house where his co-worker and friend
Idzi Kusiak died of mesothelioma in 1992.

Genowefa Kusiak says: "My husband was a bull of a man, short
and muscular. He never complained. When he got sick, he refused
treatment. It hadn't worked for his friends."

Her son, Ryszard, remembers weekly trips to see
his father at the plant. His father's boots tramped over layers
of asbestos 10 inches deep at the loading dock. His father brought
home dusty sacks of asbestos and broken pipes for use around the
family's small farm.

"You'd put the asbestos on the courtyard, pour water on it and
it would harden," his wife says.

She used asbestos bedspreads for the children. She knitted asbestos
sweaters. The house's rugs were made from worn-out asbestos conveyer
belts from the factory. A neighbor made a couch out of dusty asbestos
sacks. He's dead now.

Today, Idzi Kusiak's grandchildren play "king of the hill" on
a pile of asbestos rubble in the family courtyard. Nearly everything
on the family farm is asbestos: The children's swing is made of
asbestos pipe, asbestos cloth covers the barn entrance, the new
house (which contains a new television bought by a daughter in
Chicago) is made of asbestos bricks.

"If we had known the dangers when we built the house 10 years
ago, we would not have bought asbestos bricks," Ryszard Kusiak
says. He says the family did not know until recently that their
father's cancer was related to breathing asbestos at the factory
where Idzi worked from 1959 to 1986. Yet even today, the family
has made no effort to clean up the farm, which is little more
than an asbestos waste dump.

"Everyone knows it's bad. But nobody has ever come and officially
told us to get rid of it," he says. He shrugs. "What can you
do? This is for the authorities to handle."

Jan Pyzik says he didn't learn that asbestos could cause
lung problems until he was diagnosed with asbestosis in 1980.
Nobody told him it could also cause cancer, he says. He didn't
learn that until his several of his friends started to die of
cancer in the 1980s.

He thinks the Communist Party members who ran the plant knew they
were exposing workers to deadly conditions, but he can't be sure.
"Go ask the good doctor, that bastard," Pyzik says. "He told
us nothing."

'The good doctor'

Dr. Tadeusz Glod, now 74, was the factory doctor at the asbestos
plant from 1960 until 1974. When he left, no replacement could
be found, so Glod continued to treat workers at the local medical
clinic, where he still works.

The son of a wealthy tobacco merchant, Glod lives in the biggest
house in Szczucin, a dilapidated white mansion that was never
nationalized by the Communists.

Glod (which means "hunger" in Polish and is pronounced like
"god") remembers his first days on the job in 1960. "When I
saw those people covered in asbestos from head to toe, I was terrified,"
he says. "In those days, there was none of the cancer propaganda
we have now. But every doctor knew that that much dust -- whatever
kind it was -- was not good for workers' health.

"The workers wore no protection. On a windy day, you could see
asbestos dust falling three villages away."

Glod began finding cancer in workers in the late 1960s. He meticulously
documented the demise of workers, recording their symptoms in
tiny, precise handwriting crammed onto small sheets of paper and
tucked into tiny envelopes.

He pulls from his drawer a yellowed envelope marked "Fonciuzak,
June 1971."

"I brought it to show you," he says of the man's file. "This
is typical."

In three pages -- 24 years' worth of medical records -- Fonciuzak
goes from a man with a cough to a man dead of lung cancer.

"The man was condemned to die from early on," Glod says. "They
even administered a Polish joke to him called TFA -- a drug that
is supposed to enhance the immune system but had nothing to do
with his condition."

Glod never told the workers that asbestos was dangerous to their
health. Instead, he filed reports to the Communist Party officials
who ran the plant.

"There was never any pressure to stop filing my reports. They
just filed my reports away without comment," Glod says. "I did
my job. I filed my reports."

He does not regret his passivity. "Things could have been done,
but you needed support from the party. I had none. They were only
concerned with filling quotas."

The workers would have been too ignorant to understand warnings
anyway, he says. "I was dealing with peasants just concerned
with hustling sick leave to work in their fields. Any information
about asbestos wouldn't have gotten through. You need a brain
to understand it."

Glod seethes with hostility at both the plant's workers and their
Communist Party bosses.

"I was not so much a doctor as a policeman. I was under pressure
from the Communists to report a low sick leave index. On the other
hand, a worker would curse me if I didn't give him three days'
sick leave so he could harvest his field. I was between a hammer
and an anvil."

He continues: "This factory was industrial hell. You had drunk
peasants, chain smoking, walking around in clouds of asbestos,
breathing oil vapors. That's a lethal cocktail. If asbestos didn't
get them, something else would."

He pauses. "Now I have a better job, dealing with patients rather
than layabouts. I specialize in preventive medicine."

The aftermath

In September 1998, Poland banned asbestos. After 40 years of manufacturing
asbestos products, the Szczucin factory will replace the cheap
Russian asbestos with a costly synthetic fiber developed in Austria.
It's unknown whether the new fiber will have the durability of
asbestos, which lasts many decades. But it probably will be safer
and certainly more expensive.

A gray cement roof will jump in price from the equivalent of $ 350
for a typical farmhouse to $ 600. A roof of more popular rust-colored
panels will rise from the equivalent of $ 450 to $ 900.

"We're talking big money here," says Gerard Winiarski, president
of the asbestos plant, now 75% owned by Eternit, an Austrian construction
materials giant. "We're optimistic that we can survive the change,
but it's no sure thing."

Eternit has slashed the plant's work force from 287 to 140 to
prepare for reduced business, says Winiarski, a former Communist
Party member who has worked in Poland's asbestos industry for
30 years.

Although asbestos is no longer used, the deaths will continue
because of the length of time it takes for health problems to
develop and because of massive pollution left from decades of
asbestos use.

"Our major problem today is cancer caused by stirring up dust,"
says Jozef Padak, secretariat of the Szczucin commune (a position
similar to county manager).

Asbestos covers the roads, fields, playgrounds and courtyards
of Szczucin commune, an area with a population of 13,815, including
the town's 2,800 residents. Forty miles of the commune's 62 miles
of roads are made of loose asbestos.

A cleanup would require paving roads, tearing down buildings and
moving tons of waste to a special dump that doesn't exist.

"We could easily spend 1 billion zlotys ($ 300 million U.S.) on
the cleanup," Padak says. "But we don't have that kind of money.
Our commune's annual budget is just 13 million zlotys ($ 4 million),
and half that goes to schools."

Before 1979, the factory dumped its asbestos refuse all over town
-- in ditches, in ponds, along roads. After that, asbestos waste
was confined within the plant's borders. A 10-foot-tall mound
of asbestos waste now rings the inside of the 16-acre property.

Throughout the 1980s and early 1990s, dust from the asbestos waste
pile floated through town. When the Austrian company bought the
plant, the first thing it did was put 10 inches of dirt atop the
asbestos heap as a temporary solution. Grass now grows on the
asbestos mound.

Winiarski says the new owners have no obligation to pay for the
cleanup of Szczucin. However, Eternit has voluntarily agreed to
take onto its property any asbestos waste removed by local residents
or the local government.

Padak, the local official, says all local companies will be asked
to help pay for the cleanup. But most money must come from the
Polish Environmental Protection Agency and the European Union,
he says.

"It's time for these deaths to stop. Just today, I learned of
two more asbestos-related cancers: an 80-year-old man and a 25-year-old,
neither of whom worked in the plant," Padak says.

Starting this year, asbestos safety will be taught in public schools.
A textbook on the dangers of asbestos has been prepared.

"We want children to avoid roads and playgrounds," Padak says.
"We want them to avoid the fate that has befallen my generation."

Contributing: Michael Rey

LOAD-DATE: February 09, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Dave Merrill, USA TODAY(Map); PHOTO, color, Tomasz
Tomaszewski, for USA TODAY; PHOTOS, b/w, Tomasz Tomaszewski, for USA TODAY(9);
After surgery: Weislaw Rosa, who lives near the asbestos cement factory in
Szczucin, had a lung removed after developing mesothelioma, an incurable
asbestos-related cancer.  Didn't warn workers: Tadeusz Glod, the factory doctor
at the asbestos plant in Szczucin, says he didn't warn workers of asbestos'
dangers because they were too ignorant to understand. He now works at the local
clinic. Taking precautions: Jacek Wolak wears a protective face mask as he
climbs into a barn made of asbestos. An asbestos house: Jan Pyzik, a farmer who
suffers from asbestosis after working in Szczucin's cement factory, looks out
the window of his asbestos cement house.  Early warnings: Bogdan Przygocki, a
doctor, was fired from the Gdansk Shipyard in the 1980s when he warned workers
of asbestos' danger.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               16 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     May 26, 1999, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Network seasons change, but landscape stays the same This fall, it pays to be
young, white and wealthy

BYLINE: Robert Bianco

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 3D

LENGTH: 1404 words


You can't say the broadcast networks don't learn from their mistakes.
Unfortunately, what they usually learn is how to repeat them.

And so the networks' schedules for next season, announced to advertisers
last week in New York, offer more of the same shows you've come
to know and largely ignore. Come fall, you can expect more hormone-seeped
stories about teen-agers and their eternal quest for popularity;
more angst-ridden dramas about twentysomethings coming to terms
with life after college; more comedies about Peter Pans approaching
30 who fear being labeled "adult."

Once again, the networks are caught in a circular trap they show
no signs of trying to escape. Advertisers are interested only
in young viewers, and networks think young viewers will watch
only shows built around young actors. So six networks chase the
same audience, and ratings continue to decline.


While youth is necessary, however, it's not sufficient. Advertisers
also want viewers who are "upscale," easily influenced and --
to judge from the actors being cast in new shows -- white.

Still, if the overall slates presented by the networks didn't
cause much excitement, some of the shows may. Already, there is
good buzz building for ABC's Once and Again, Fox's Get
Real and Malcolm in the Middle, NBC's The West Wing
and WB's Angel.

Of course, just because those shows stand out in May doesn't mean
they're the only ones we'll be happy to see in September -- or
even that those shows will live up to hopes. The clips shown at
the network presentations give only a brief, hyped-up glimpse
of the show, and sometimes not even that. We won't get a clearer
idea until the actual pilot episodes are sent.

But should change come along, we can always change our minds.
In the meantime, here are some first impressions of a season that
seems to multiply many of TV's worst failings, giving us a network
landscape that is even:

 * Younger. There are 18 new shows built
around characters who are in the age range between ready for high
school and fresh out of college: ABC's Odd Man Out and
Wasteland; Fox's Get Real, Harsh Realm,
Ryan Caulfield, Time of Your Life and Manchester
Prep; NBC's Freaks and Geeks and Cold Feet;
UPN's Mo'Nique, Grown Ups and Shasta McNasty;
and WB's Jack & Jill, Safe Harbor, Roswell,
Popular and The Downtowners. And let's not forget WB's
Angel, the Buffy spinoff about a vampire who will
spend eternity in his 20s -- which would make him a WB programmer's
fantasy come true.

The youth movement has even struck CBS, which has hired four fabulous
un-young actresses -- Betty White (Ladies Man), Dixie
Carter (Family Law), Tyne Daly (Judging Amy)
and Swoosie Kurtz (Love or Money) -- but put them in
supporting roles. In today's climate, I suppose, we should be
grateful they're working at all, but I can't help thinking the
wrong horses are pulling these carts.

 * Whiter. This fall, the six broadcast networks will premiere
38 new shows (if you count Fox's Ally McBeal retread as
new and UPN's wrestling program as a show). Only two -- both on
UPN -- have black leads, and 29 don't have any minority actors
in their current cast lineups.

No one wants a quota system for the arts, but for the country's
dominant entertainment industry to have a hiring record that abysmal
is a disgrace.

The worst offender is Fox, which doesn't have a single minority
actor in any of its new casts. The network's poster child for
this problem could be Ryan Caulfield, a drama about
a 19-year-old white policeman who patrols inner-city Philadelphia.
The only ethnic face in the clip was the gun-toting black teen
Ryan was chasing.

 * Stranger. There will be a fresh invasion of aliens and
oddities this season. Among them are CBS' Now & Again (middle-age
brain transplanted to a scientifically engineered young body),WB's Angel and
Roswell (high school space kids)
and Fox's Harsh Realm (a TV version of the sci-fi comic
book from The X-Files creator Chris Carter).

Still, the strangest show this season may be that half-hour, cut-down
Ally McBeal, a cheap programming ploy Fox calls
"repurposing." (Even when the networks can't come up with new
ideas, they can come up with new words.) If the trimmer Ally
and its slimmed-down title work, you can look forward to such
future repurposed hits as Blue, Law and The Prac.

That's the big picture. How do the individual fall schedules shape
up? Here's a network-by-network breakdown:

 * ABC. At least two of ABC's six new shows seemed promising:
Once and Again, a romantic drama about a divorced
man and woman from thirtysomething creators Marshall Herskovitz
and Edward Zwick, and Oh, Grow Up, an ensemble sitcom
about three male roommates that looked far funnier than the title
would indicate. The crowd at ABC's presentation seemed less excited
by the private-eye drama Snoops -- but since the show is
created by David E. Kelley (The Practice, Ally McBeal),
we can hope the flat clips were misleading.

 * CBS. Of the Big Four networks, CBS -- which is expected
to win the household ratings race when the season ends tonight
-- seemed to have the weakest fall slate.

Though the network's dramas (Judging Amy, Now &
Again and Family Law) looked stronger than its comedies,
the biggest crowd response came when CBS announced a movie about
the JonBenet Ramsey murder. "Oh, no!" said the woman sitting
next to me. Her friend replied, "You knew it was going to happen."
Maybe, but we didn't know it would happen on CBS.

 * Fox. Despite its unfortunate racial blinders, Fox made
the best early impression with its fall lineup. The standout could
be Get Real, a family comedy/drama that earned some
of the week's loudest laughs.

Other potentially strong shows are Harsh Realm, which
is sure to be eagerly anticipated by Carter fans; Action,
a satire about the movie business; and Malcolm in the Middle,
a family sitcom that could be a sleeper hit. And since every
season needs at least one controversy, Fox also has Manchester
Prep, which resets the sexually charged Dangerous
Liaisons in high school (just like Cruel Intentions).

* NBC. The network has a likely ratings winner in Stark
Raving Mad, a sitcom from Just Shoot Me producer
Steven Levitan that has the prime Thursday slot between Frasier
and ER. Otherwise, this is a network that's
bringing back Jesse and Veronica's Closet, which
is teamed on Monday with Suddenly Susan. How much
more do you have to know about NBC's comedy development?

Luckily, the network's dramas look stronger. The two you'll be
hearing the most about are probably The West Wing, a
show set in the White House from Aaron Sorkin and Thomas
Schlamme, the writing-and-directing team behind ABC's Sports
Night; and Third Watch, a cop/paramedic rescue
show written by ER producer John Wells.

* UPN. It's another season of Busted Pilot
Theater at poor UPN, which continues to leave the impression that
it's providing a home for shows no one would possibly want. The
standout was the self-proclaimed "outrageous" comedy Shasta
McNasty, which looked jaw-droppingly awful. It's wonderful
that all of UPN's new offerings have racial balance, but it doesn't
do much good if the shows are unwatchable.

* WB. As the only network to make an appreciable ratings
gain this year, WB certainly seems to know what it's doing --
and it has no intention of doing anything else. In a slate where
each of the new shows looks like something that's already on the
schedule, the most promising would seem to be Angel, which
got an incredibly enthusiastic reception from advertisers. The
least may be WB's entry into the cartoon race, The Downtowners,
which could be both too little and too late.

And then there's Popular, a drama about an unpopular
girl whose big problem is her failure to realize how beautiful
she is. Because heaven forbid WB should cast a lead actress who
isn't ready for her magazine cover.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Richard Cartwright, WB; PHOTO, B/W, Bob D'Amico, ABC;
PHOTO, B/W, Barbara Nitke, CBS; Channeling: David Boreanaz, far left, in
'Angel.' On 'Once and Again,' left, Sela Ward and Billy Campbell raise Julia
Whelan, left, Meredith Deane, Evan Rachel Wood and Shane West.  Below, 'Now &
Again' has Margaret Colin, front, with Dennis Haysbert, left, Eric Close,
Heather Matarazzo and Gerrit Graham.

TYPE: TELEVISION

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               18 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 29, 1999, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Spacecraft to touch down on Mars on Friday

BYLINE: Robyn Suriano; Florida Today

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25A

LENGTH: 815 words

DATELINE: PASADENA Calif.


PASADENA Calif. -- Like tracks to a deer hunter, water is the
thing scientists follow in the search for life on other worlds.
Without it, life has no chance of getting started.

That's why NASA's Mars Polar Lander spacecraft is bearing down
for landing Friday at the Red Planet's south pole, which could
be hoarding frozen water among its dirt. No one expects anything
to be living at the site. But either way -- finding ice or coming
up empty -- scientists will learn about Mars' watery trail.


"You're going to have to understand the water processes on Mars
before you can get an understanding of the planet's potential
for life, either past or present," said David Paige, the planetary
scientist in charge of the lander's science work.

Mars Polar Lander is crucial for another reason as well.

NASA needs a successful landing after navigation errors by ground
controllers caused its Mars Climate Orbiter probe to be lost in
September as it tried to enter Martian orbit.

Agency officials are doing everything possible to safeguard the
lander's flight. Extra people have been added to the navigation
team, and every detail is under intense review.

The precautions are needed.

The 1,270-pound lander has the high-risk task of descending to
the Martian terrain and landing softly.

"The spacecraft we lost was the simpler of the two to get to
Mars," said Richard Zurek, NASA's chief scientist for the mission.
"It should be easier to get into orbit than it is to land on
Mars. So no one is underestimating the challenge of what we have
to do here."

To reach the surface, Polar Lander must plunge into the Martian
atmosphere and drop two small probes that are to smash into the
ground and search for water.

Polar Lander then is to pop a parachute to break its fall, fire
its engines, and gently lower itself to the ground.

It's the first time NASA has used rockets for a Mars landing since
1976, when two Viking probes descended to the surface in what
proved an unsuccessful hunt for life.

Nothing landed on Mars again until 1997, when NASA's Mars Pathfinder
bounced to the ground encased in air bags. The craft explored
an ancient Martian riverbed while a small rover studied rocks
on the surface.

The voyages of Pathfinder and its sister ship, Mars Global Surveyor,
were the first in NASA's plan of launching Mars robots through
2005 to search for life and bring soil samples back to Earth by
2008.

Polar Lander and its companion ship, Mars Climate Orbiter, were
the next two. The orbiter was launched toward Mars from Cape Canaveral
Air Station in December, and the lander followed in January.

Their job: follow the water.

The failed orbiter was to have provided a picture of how water
vapor is carried in the planet's atmosphere.

Now on its own, Polar Lander won't be able to recoup that mission.
However, it could provide a study of water at the south pole.
In doing so, it would add information to the puzzle that is Mars.

"This mission and the missions coming up will give us a lot better
idea of where you might look for signs of life," said Sue Smrekar,
the NASA scientist in charge of the two small probes riding on
Polar Lander.

"Overall, the idea is to try and understand if there ever was
an environment hospitable to life, and what caused it to change."

The water history of Mars remains mysterious.

Based on earthly life, scientists believe living creatures cannot
exist without liquid water, which is not found on Mars' surface
today.

That's because it never gets above freezing on most of Mars. Even
where it is warmer, the atmosphere is so thin that any liquid
on the surface would evaporate immediately.

That wasn't always the case.

Scientists see evidence of ancient riverbeds, where massive bodies
of flowing water carved deep channels into the Martian landscape.
The problem is that they can't tell how long the liquid lasted
on the surface or where it went.

Polar Lander will also help study Mars' climate. The lander is
headed for a region of soil that has built up gradually during
many millennia.

Every year, wind carries dust and dirt from around the globe to
the poles, where it settles into a thin layer of soil. Like rings
on a tree, each layer carries the mark of weather for that particular
year.

Polar Lander will dig into the layers, pop samples in ovens to
study their contents, and possibly tell scientists how Mars' weather
patterns have changed.

Scientists think that if they dig deep enough and look back far
enough, they might learn whether the planet ever had conditions
to nurture living things.

The lander's 90-day mission will be carried out during the spring
season at the pole, where the sun won't set. The sunshine will
allow the probe's solar panels to make electricity to run the
lander.



LOAD-DATE: November 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, NASA; Mars Polar Lander: The spacecraft is to use rockets
to land softly on Mars' south pole. The lander's mission is to study the Red
Planet's water history.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               20 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 14, 1999, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

ALL-USA TEACHER TEAMS Third Team

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 8D

LENGTH: 1065 words


* Virginia Appuhn, Carbondale (Ill.) Community High, math,
13 years teaching. Student: "If I were stuck on a deserted island
and could bring only one teacher, she would be Mrs. Appuhn, not
because she could stave off boredom with adventurous 'when I was
your age' tales or cook life-sustaining coconut and seaweed dinners,
although it wouldn't surprise me if she did either, but because
she is the only teacher I know intelligent and resourceful enough
to get us off the island."

* Michael Boyce, North Technical High, Florissant, Mo.,
English, 25 years teaching. Interpreter: "Mr. Boyce brought earplugs
to basketball practice and asked the entire team to wear them
for the two-hour practice to let the other teammates get a feel
for how my deaf student coped on the court with a hearing loss."


* AnnaLisa Cochran, Southbay Christian School, Mountain
View, Calif., fifth grade, 12 years teaching. Cochran: "A deep,
unconditional love and acceptance is the foundation of my teaching
style. I try to demonstrate it, and I require it in my classroom."

* Tracey Deathe, Coronado Heights Elementary, Oklahoma
City, special education, 9 years teaching. Parent: "After three
years, I've never asked her about programs available, possible
outcomes, trends, medical breakthroughs or anything to do with
the children and gotten a reply of 'I don't know.' "

* Candice Dunn, Kathleen E. Goodwin School, Old Saybrook,
Conn., first- and second-grade looping teacher, 7 years teaching.
Superintendent: "Mrs. Dunn's class feels like a microcommunity
of explorers setting out to unlock the answers or questions they
themselves develop, while Mrs. Dunn skillfully crafts scenarios
which immerse the student into the subject matter with great anticipation
and excitement."

* V. Patrice Kraus, Stilwell Junior High, West Des Moines,
Iowa, reading, 22 years teaching (now at Buffalo Community Middle
School in Minnesota). Colleague: "I have seen kid after kid explode
with confidence because Pat awakened his or her genius. She does
not believe in labels. She does not believe in disability. She
believes in the genius of kids -- all kids."

* Melinda Learning, Esten Elementary, Rockland, Mass.,
fourth grade, 11 years teaching. Principal: "Melinda encourages
her students to be thinkers and doers. She often answers a student's
question with a question of her own."

* Mary Morin, Winman Junior High, Warwick, R.I., enrichment,
26 years teaching. Principal: "She single-handedly has inspired
an entire building to work for the benefit of those less fortunate."

* Catherine Nix, Rising Starr Middle School, Fayetteville,
Ga., language arts, 15 years teaching. Nix: "Parent conferences
frequently close with comparisons of the before and after product;
astonished parents have 'no idea' their child had made such improvements."

* Clara Parsons, Lost Creek Elementary, Terre Haute, Ind.,
library/media specialist, 34 years teaching. Principal: "Many
of her former students attend or have attended top-name universities
in the nation in areas that involve the use of the computer. Mrs.
Parsons helped open the doors of technology when they were in
elementary school."

* Donna Wertz Ream, Lewisburg (W.Va.) Elementary, kindergarten,
14 years teaching. Ream: "The children choose to learn the letters
and the sounds because they need to use them in writing about
the exciting things they are talking about, whether labeling murals
and big books or writing in their journals."

* Tina Fisher Scholtes, Sudduth Elementary, Starkville,
Miss., first grade, 17 years teaching. Scholtes: "After having
a deaf student, I found myself using many more visual techniques
with my children, and all benefited."

* Terence Stryker, Wewahitchka (Fla.) Junior/Senior High,
band, 19 years teaching. Stryker: "A room of students who others
might perceive as misfits, the ones who other teachers just cannot
do anything with, the ones who just do not fit in anywhere else,
seem to fit in my room just fine. I always try to remember that
I felt like I was once a misfit, too."

* Gary Swalley, Edwardsville (Ill.) Middle School, social
studies, 23 years teaching. Parent: "I have witnessed the change
in his students from hugging the hallways as they walk between
classes to becoming confident public speakers and role models
in our school and community."

* John Turnbull, Southampton (N.Y.) High, English, social
studies, 34 years teaching. Administrator: "It seems that John
is everywhere, and wherever he is, students are always close by."

* Laura Weatherford, Goodnight Junior High, San Marcos,
Texas, language arts, 25 years teaching. Principal: "She possesses
that 'magic' in working with adolescent kids that the rest of
us envy and admire. She is firm, yet fair, warm and compassionate,
considerate and respectful, demanding but never demeaning."

* Judith Williams, Central City (Neb.) High, science, 34
years teaching. Principal: "When we, as a family, talked about
moving this summer, one strike against it was that my incoming
sophomore would not get to have Mrs. Williams as a teacher. We
decided not to move!"

* Eighth Grade Instructional Team (Kathlyn Barger,Diana Buter, Julie Miller,
Marvin Kramer,Leo Lease), Grinnell (Iowa) Middle School. Counselor: "Students
have learned an enormous amount about the importance of volunteer
work from these teachers. The students are involved in projects
that I am sure have had a lifelong lasting effect on them as individuals."

* Limited English proficient global studies team (Mary
Jo Davila-Ryan, Thomas O'Connor), Grover Cleveland
High, Buffalo. (O'Connor is retired and at Mount St. Mary's Academy,
Kenmore, N.Y.) Assistant principal: "These students who enter
in September with very limited knowledge of the English language
leave the class in June with a global understanding of the world,
and, what is truly amazing, they are able to use the English they
were taught to communicate with each other."

* Eighth-grade team (Deborah McKay, Dennis Buchholtz,
Linda Paulson, Kent Green, Lana Welter),
Grafton (N.D.) Central School. Team: "The unique part of this
project was bringing the classroom to the area businesses. Each
of the business managers was asked to explain to the students
how percent was used in their business."

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Manuel M. Chavez for USA TODAY; Music to his ears: Terence
Stryker works with Jessica Cole, 18, and Daniel Holmes, 14.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               21 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 9, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Unusual cold doomed Scott's polar expedition Errors in Antarctica aren't the
whole story

BYLINE: Jack Williams

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 1149 words


Since Robert Falcon Scott and his four companions died in 1912
on their way back from their expedition to the South Pole, historians
and exploration buffs have generally blamed Scott's many mistakes
for the deaths.

They say Scott's blunders and Norwegian explorer Roald Amundsen's
wise decisions explain why the British explorers died and why
Amundsen's group reached the South Pole a month before Scott's
party and returned in good health.

Now that opinion has to be reconsidered. Two scientists show in
today's issue of the Proceedings of the National Academy of
Sciences that Scott and his men perished after a battle with
conditions far colder than average.


Susan Solomon of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's
Aeronomy Laboratory in Boulder, Colo., and Charles Stearns of
the University of Wisconsin-Madison conclude that while Scott
made many errors, an unusually long and deep cold spell was the
final straw for him and his men.

They reach their conclusion based on Scott's detailed weather
records and on modern data from automated weather stations along
Scott's route.

Solomon says Scott's mistakes alone would not have been sufficient
to cause all of his party to die if the weather had been normal.

A weather log, diaries and other papers were found in November
1912 with the bodies of Scott and two companions eight months
after they died.

In a "Message to the Public," Scott listed the expedition's
troubles and concluded: "No one in the world would have expected
the temperatures . . . which we encountered at this time
of year.  . . . Our wreck is certainly due to this sudden
advent of severe weather, which does not seem to have any satisfactory
cause."

Over the years, many have dismissed the statement as nothing more
than Scott making excuses for his bad decisions -- not using dogs
to haul sleds to the pole, for instance, and his last-minute decision
to take an extra person. Many people have assumed that they encountered
cold, windy weather: They were in Antarctica.

But, Solomon and Stearns write, their study of Scott's temperature
records and today's data show that "Scott was correct rather
than petulant" in his final message.

From Feb. 27 through March 19, 1912 -- when the record ends --
Scott recorded low temperatures of minus-30 degrees or colder
every day but one. Solomon and Stearns write that based on records
from automated weather stations along Scott's route, those temperatures
were 10 to 20 degrees colder than average for that time of the
year.

The modern record, which begins in the mid-1980s, also shows that
the March 1912 cold was unusually persistent. Only one year since
the mid-1980s has had such persistent cold in March.

In most years, the Ross Ice Shelf, which is at sea level, would
have given Scott and his men a break from the bitter temperatures
on the Polar Plateau, where the South Pole is located. Although
the sun is up 24 hours a day at the pole at that time of year,
its elevation of more than 9,000 feet above sea level helps keep
it cold all year. In December and January, the warmest months
there, the average high temperature is minus-15 degrees.

For Scott's party, conditions started out normally enough: During
their time near the pole, the party recorded daily low temperatures
averaging minus-24 degrees, close to today's averages for January.

In fact, when Scott and his men reached the Ross Ice Shelf, they
found above-zero temperatures, sometimes up to 10 degrees.

On Feb. 9, Scott wrote: "Tonight is wonderfully calm and warm."

But the cold that began Feb. 27 made more difference than those
not familiar with Antarctica might think, Solomon says.

"The cold temperatures influenced not only the men's physical
comfort, but also their ability to pull the sledge," she says.
"As any cross-country skier who has skied at temperatures below
minus-15 knows, as it gets cold, the glide of the snow diminishes.
This is a big problem when you are dragging 100 or more pounds
of supplies behind you on a wooden sled."

Also, Solomon says, people don't tend to become frostbitten except
on exposed skin when the temperatures rise above minus-20.

And with their shortage of fuel, Scott and his men couldn't keep
their tent warm at night.

One member of the party, L.E.G. "Titus" Oates, suffered such
bad frostbite on his feet that the tissue died and he could hardly
walk. About March 15, knowing he was holding the others back,
Oates left the tent after saying, "I am just going outside and
may be some time."

His body was never found.

Scott and the two men found in the tent with him, Henry Bowers
and Edward Wilson, are believed to have died about March 29.

Scott's main base at Cape Evans is about 15 miles from today's
U.S. McMurdo Station. The route Scott followed to and from the
pole is roughly the same as today's air route from McMurdo to
the U.S. Amundsen-Scott South Pole Station.

Stearns has installed automated weather stations in Antarctica
since the mid-1980s as part of the National Science Foundation's
U.S. Antarctic Program. The stations along Scott's route supply
data for better forecasts for pilots flying to and from the South
Pole. They also build a record of average weather at different
times of the year.

Solomon first went to Antarctica in August 1986 as the leader
of researchers who helped discover why ozone high above Antarctica
almost disappears each September, forming the "ozone hole."

Since then, she has made three more trips to Antarctica, including
her first visit to the South Pole in January 1997 as part of a
commission studying the need for the USA to build a new South
Pole station.

"It was amazing to me, standing in the place where Scott stood
almost 85 years ago to the day," she says. "I first got interested
in Scott right after I arrived at McMurdo (in 1986) and saw Scott's
hut and felt the allure of Antarctica."

Was Scott correct when he wrote that the March 1912 severe weather
on the Ross Ice Shelf had "no satisfactory cause"?

In their paper, Solomon and Stearns comment: "It is intriguing
to note that 1912 was an El Nino year." The other year on record
as cold as March 1912 on the Ross Ice Shelf, 1988, also was an
El Nino year. But 1982 and 1997, strong El Nino years, while colder
than normal, were not as cold as 1912 and 1988.

Solomon says that while El Nino might have played a role, "I
don't think it was the main thing" that caused March 1912 to
be so cold.

Scientists know that Antarctica's weather has global consequences
but are far from knowing how the connections work.

No matter what the cause, Solomon and Stearns say, "Scott and
his last two companions died near the 29th of the month after
enduring what might be dubbed the coldest March."

LOAD-DATE: November 09, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Dave Merrill, USA TODAY (MAP); PHOTO, B/W, Cambridge;
PHOTO, B/W, Jack Williams, USA TODAY; Scott: British South Pole explorer and his
crew perished in frigid conditions at Cape Evans. Evidence in time: Temperatures
recorded at an instrument shelter overlooking the Scott expedition's base
support Scott's weather complaint.

TYPE: SCIENCE

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               22 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   January 6, 1999, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Resolved: To hop off the same old treadmill

BYLINE: Karen S. Peterson

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 339 words


New Year's resolutions are already catching up with callers to
USA TODAY's diet hot line.

"People seemed to be saying, 'I'm ready. Now how do I stay motivated?'
" says Keith-Thomas Ayoob, a registered dietitian at the Albert
Einstein College of Medicine in New York.


The major obstacle to effective weight loss is our need "for
the quick fix," Ayoob says. "We are very impatient in this push-button
society."

He says it takes three or four weeks to become comfortable with
a new habit such as cutting back on salt or increasing the servings
of fresh fruits and vegetables.

People are leery of failing yet again on a diet, he says. "Don't
go for the drastic. Be patient. Go for balanced, sensible, long-term
lifestyle changes that emphasize new habits, not a new diet, so
you won't have to make this same resolution next year."

Weight loss requires both dietary changes and exercise, Ayoob
says. His ideas to help beat the winter doldrums and accomplish
both include:

* Exercise. Don't be defeated by winter if you live in
a cold climate: Get outside. "It avoids cabin fever and keeps
you from being bored at home and eating to fill the time." Consider
ice skating with your kids. There are indoor rinks all over the
country now. Try sledding for fun and exercise. "Think of your
exercise time as part of your recreation time."

* Diet. "People get bored with food in the winter, so
look for alternatives to the same old apples and broccoli," Ayoob
says. He suggests pomegranates, persimmons, Winesap or Lady apples,
and a wide variety of citrus fruits, including blood oranges and
tangerines. Try mashing different vegetables such as cooked turnips
and carrots. "Let the kids pick a fresh vegetable from a selection
you put on the table, then try a new recipe with their choice."

Take on projects around the house, he says. "The exercise helps
keep your metabolism up. It keeps you out of the kitchen where
you can snack. And cleaning out a closet gives your mood a lift."

LOAD-DATE: January 06, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Chrystyna Czajkowsky, AP; Quit running in place: Think of
exercise time as recreation time, advises dietitian Keith-Thomas Ayoob, shown
here at Prescriptives Fitness Club in New York.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               24 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  February 24, 1999, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

March to bring cold to East, warmth to West

BYLINE: Robert Saiz Holguin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 429 words


Winter will start getting colder in the mid-Atlantic and New England
states next month, and the West Coast can expect to warm up, in
a change of pace caused by the weather pattern known as La Nina.

"Things are going to start shifting," said Douglas LeComte,
a meteorologist with the Climate Prediction Center in Camp Springs,
Md. He said the shift is expected to reach its peak in March,
although parts of the East already are in the midst of a lingering
cold snap. The warmer-than-normal temperatures in the East and
the cold, wet weather in the West have been blamed on the strongest
La Nina in 50 years, according to a midwinter assessment released
Tuesday by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
(NOAA).


La Nina is a cooling of the ocean surface that often follows an
El Nino, or warming of the ocean surface. La Nina is responsible
for causing extreme weather conditions, including floods, cold
waves and hurricanes.

"While parts of Alaska have experienced severe cold, most of
the lower 48 states, especially those in the Southern tier, have
enjoyed record-breaking warm temperatures," NOAA scientist John
Janowiak said.

Over the next several weeks, that pattern is expected to shift,
to bring below-normal temperatures to the East Coast all the way
through May.

Temperatures and precipitation in the West aren't expected to
return to normal until the end of March, LeComte said.

Meanwhile, much of the Midwest and South will see less precipitation
but little change in winter temperatures. In Alaska, the cold
spell that sent temperatures in the interior dipping to minus-74
last month is being blamed on persistent arctic winds also associated
with La Nina.

Those extreme weather patterns are expected to wane in the coming
weeks.

"We've already warmed up tremendously, getting up to about 10
or 15 degrees during the day," said John Lingaas, a spokesman
for the National Weather Service in Fairbanks. "It's still cold,
but nothing like it was in January."

Except for California, the rest of the lower 48 states experienced
a warmer-than-normal November 1998 through January 1999, according
to NOAA's report.

Temperatures in many states ranked among the century's 10 warmest
November-January periods.

La Nina also contributed to the huge storms that have hit the
Pacific Northwest this winter.

"It's been great -- if you happen to be a mushroom," said Michael
Dougan, a Seattle cartoonist whose material has drawn on the unusually
wet weather in a city known for rain.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, T.J. Salsman, The (Springfield) State Journal-Register;
Weather woes: Six students and the driver were taken to hospitals Tuesday, none
with serious injuries, after this school bus overturned on snowy Interstate 55
near Springfield, Ill.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               25 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  February 24, 1999, Wednesday, FIRST EDITION

Weather patterns reverse themselves

BYLINE: Robert Saiz Holguin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 457 words


Winter will start getting colder in the mid-Atlantic and New England
states next month, and the West Coast can expect to warm up, in
a change of pace caused by the weather pattern known as La Nina.

"Things are going to start shifting," said Douglas LeComte,
a meteorologist with the Climate Prediction Center in Camp Springs,
Md. He said the shift is expected to reach its peak in March,
although parts of the East already are in the midst of a lingering
cold snap. The warmer-than-normal temperatures in the East and
the cold, wet weather in the West have been blamed on the strongest
La Nina in 50 years, according to a midwinter assessment released
Tuesday by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
(NOAA).


La Nina is a cooling of the ocean surface that often follows an
El Nino, or warming of the ocean surface. La Nina is responsible
for causing extreme weather conditions, including floods, cold
waves and hurricanes.

"While parts of Alaska have experienced severe cold, most of
the lower 48 states, especially those in the Southern tier, have
enjoyed record-breaking warm temperatures," NOAA scientist John
Janowiak said.

Over the next several weeks, that pattern is expected to shift,
to bring below-normal temperatures to the East Coast all the way
through May.

Temperatures and precipitation in the West aren't expected to
return to normal until the end of March, LeComte said.

Meanwhile, much of the Midwest and South will see less precipitation
but little change in winter temperatures. In Alaska, the cold
spell that sent temperatures in the interior dipping to minus-74
last month is being blamed on persistent arctic winds also associated
with La Nina.

Those extreme weather patterns are expected to wane in the coming
weeks. "We've already warmed up tremendously, getting up to about
10 or 15 degrees during the day," said John Lingaas, a spokesman
for the National Weather Service in Fairbanks. "It's still cold,
but nothing like it was in January."

Except for California, the rest of the lower 48 states experienced
a warmer-than-normal November 1998 through January 1999, according
to NOAA's report.

Temperatures in many states ranked among the century's 10 warmest
November-January periods.

La Nina also contributed to the huge storms that have hit the
Pacific Northwest this winter.

As a result, many of the northern-tier states in the West have
experienced precipitation totals that are in the top 10 of this
century, according to the NOAA report.

"It's been great -- if you happen to be a mushroom," said Michael
Dougan, a Seattle cartoonist whose material has drawn on the unusually
wet weather in a city known for rain.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, T.J. Salsman, The (Springfield) State Journal-Register;
Relief in sight? Six students and the driver were taken to hospitals Tuesday,
none with serious injuries, after this school bus overturned on snowy Interstate
55 near Springfield, Ill.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               27 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 10, 1999, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Redskins try to keep focus amid turmoil

BYLINE: Larry Weisman

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 10C

LENGTH: 477 words

DATELINE: ASHBURN, Va.


ASHBURN, Va. -- The Washington Redskins began their offseason
program Monday. Nearly half a foot of snow coated their practice
fields 24 hours later.

That's the kind of offseason it has been, with constant changes
of climate.


No one knows for sure if the pending sale of the club to Howard
Milstein and Daniel Snyder will pass NFL muster next week or what
changes might come if the Cooke family, owners since 1974, exit
the scene. Uncertainty reigns, but the current administration
refuses to let it rule.

Even as Milstein met Monday in New York with Commissioner Paul
Tagliabue, with the intent of getting his group's record $ 800
million bid restructured to allay league concerns, 46 Redskins
players gathered to begin preparing for the 1999 season.

"I guess, under the circumstances, everybody has done a great
job and we're still moving forward. There's a lot of hope on this
bus," cornerback Darrell Green said as he lifted weights and
ran sprints to ready himself for his 17th NFL go-round.

For the Redskins, though, there's always hope at this time of
year, and it should not spring eternal. The team hasn't made the
playoffs since 1991 and backslid badly in 1998. The Redskins went
into last season with consecutive winning seasons (9-7, 8-7-1)
behind them but lost their first seven games. They won six of
their last nine games and finished 6-10.

They lost Trent Green to St. Louis through free agency, traded
with Minnesota for Brad Johnson and feel as if they've upgraded
at quarterback. Johnson reported last week to begin classroom
work with coach Norv Turner.

"I didn't realize how good a situation this place can be until
I got here and spent some time with Norv and started learning
the system," said Johnson, who endured an uncertain offseason
last year when Red McCombs bought the Vikings after author Tom
Clancy withdrew his offer. "I'm only a few days into this whole
process, but I think this can be a great place to be."

Johnson took in a Rolling Stones concert Monday night in Washington,
but the big question smacks more of The Who: Will the new boss
be the same as the old boss?

Buyer's market: Houston businessman Bob McNair, who is
pursuing an expansion team, has offered to buy any of nine NFL
teams that have stadium problems. The list: Arizona, Buffalo,
Chicago, Indianapolis, Minnesota, New England, Oakland, Philadelphia
and San Francisco.

"We want the NFL back in Houston," McNair said. The NFL, with
strong bids from Houston and Los Angeles to consider, figures
to decide on expansion next week at its winter meeting.

Still a Card: The Arizona Cardinals retained the services
of safety Kwamie Lassiter by signing the free agent to a three-year
deal. Lassiter, who became a starter midway through last season,
had an NFC-leading eight interceptions.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Eileen Blass, USA TODAY; Pumped: 'There's a lot of hope on
this bus,' Darrell Green says.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               31 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 25, 1999, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Adoptees demand right to past

BYLINE: Patrick McMahon

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 1744 words

DATELINE: MANZANITA, Ore.


MANZANITA, Ore. -- Nothing may seem more central to a person's
identity than a birth certificate, the proof that you are who
you say you are.

But for millions of American adults who were adopted as children,
their original birth certificates are a state secret. They cannot
see the documents without a court order.

Those documents are at the center of an intense battle here after
Oregon voters passed an initiative last year to grant wide access
to birth records.


On one side is Bastard Nation, an in-your-face group of adopted
people dedicated to opening up birth records. On the other side
are birth mothers who say they were promised anonymity when they
gave up their children years ago.

The initiative, which is being challenged in an Oregon courtroom,
has forced some birth mothers to speak from the shadows. Because
some of those children were the product of rape or incest, as
well as youthful indiscretion, many mothers say they feel disclosure
now would wreck their lives.

"We were repeatedly assured that the bond was severed permanently,"
says an Oregon birth mother who asked to be identified only as
Nancy. She says she was promised anonymity when she gave birth
as a college senior in the early 1960s. "Every decision I made
was based on promises of confidentiality."

A right or violation?

If Oregon and other states begin to unseal birth certificates,
it "may be a milestone in the history of adoption," says adoption
historian E. Wayne Carp.

Yet to adoptee Helen Hill, 44, getting her birth certificate on
request is "a basic civil right, something we can't compromise.
It's a human right to know where you came from, whether you want
to search for your parents or not."

Last year, Hill, an elementary-school art teacher here on Oregon's
coast, led the successful fight for a statewide ballot initiative
that would wipe away years of adoption secrecy. The Oregon initiative,
Measure 58, would change the law to say that any adoptee 21 or
older, "shall be issued a certified copy of his/her unaltered,
original and unamended certificate of birth" upon request.

The measure passed, 57% to 43%, but has never gone into effect.
A group of birth mothers persuaded a judge to block the new law
temporarily. Their lawsuit alleges the law invades their privacy
and breaches the promises of confidentiality that were made to
them. A hearing is set for July 14.

None of the unnamed plaintiffs has spoken publicly. But Nancy,
who has never married, says she thinks Measure 58 is "cruel.
It's open sesame. The birth mother is in a position of being hunted
down. I think a lot of adoptees are in for tremendous disappointment.
I don't see any good that would come from a reunion in my case.
It would turn my life upside down."

Birth fathers are less involved in the debate over access to birth
records because relatively few are listed on birth certificates,
says activist Jon Ryan, 51, of Punta Gorda, Fla., who led the
National Organization for Birthfathers & Adoption Reform from
1968 to 1994. "The birth father, especially in adoption issues,
is definitely a secondary figure," he says. It's not always certain
who the father is, and birth mothers are usually advised not to
list a father, Ryan says, for fear it could complicate the adoption.

In addition to finding their birth parents, gaining access to
their birth records is also a matter of self-esteem, says Shea
Grimm, 33, an adoptee and co-founder of Bastard Nation. Founded
in 1996 in Kirkland, Wash., the group has 2,300 paid members.

"Sealed records perpetuate the stigma that adult adoptees and
birth parents still feel," Grimm says.

Only two states -- Alaska and Kansas -- give adoptees 18 or over
complete access to birth certificates. Neither reports serious
problems. Another 19 states allow limited access, depending on
the year a person was adopted or whether the birth parents consent.

Although birth records are sealed, most states have set up some
kind of registry that allows adoptees and their birth parents
to search for each other. But the registries have limited success,
depending on how much consent states require from birth parents
and adoptees.

In search of origins

Retired elementary-school librarian Anita Field, 61, of Skokie,
Ill., spent four years and more than $ 5,000 before she got her
records two years ago. A state-appointed confidential intermediary
in Illinois tried for two years with no success. A private investigator
found nothing. Finally, acting as her own lawyer, she persuaded
a judge to give her the records.

Field found that her birth parents had died. But she met a half-brother
and two half-sisters.

"They gave me photographs, and they couldn't have been nicer,"
Field says.

Several states are considering or have approved legislation to
make searches easier. But even when laws are passed, they can
be difficult to implement. In 1996, Tennessee approved a law opening
birth certificates -- except for those involving rape and incest
-- and giving the birth parents and the adoptee the right to veto
any contact. But the law was challenged in court by privacy advocates
and still has not been implemented.

That law has been tied up in the courts ever since.

In some states, access varies partly on when the adoption took
place. In Montana, for instance, records before July 1, 1967,
are available; records from July 1967 to Sept. 30, 1997, require
a court order, and records of adoptions since then will be open
to adoptees at 18 unless birth parents file a disclosure veto.

Bastard Nation is now eyeing Washington, Nevada and Maine as targets
for initiative campaigns, Grimm says. Many other adoption organizations
also are pushing for open records nationally. Major supporters
of open adoption include the American Adoption Congress, Concerned
United Birthparents and organizations with broader agendas such
as the National Association of Social Workers.

Leading the opposition is the National Council for Adoption headed
by Bill Pierce. "We're seeing confidentiality and privacy eroding
across the board," says Pierce, who opposed Measure 58.

Yet, among professionals in the adoption field, "there is a move
toward openness," says Madelyn Freundlich, executive director
of the Evan B. Donaldson Adoption Foundation in New York City.
"The field as a whole has come to believe that children of adoption
benefit from openness."

Birth certificates haven't always been sealed. Earlier this century,
Freundlich says, records were open, and birth certificates routinely
indicated whether a birth was legitimate. That began changing
in the 1930s as states first closed the records to the public,
then to adoptees themselves, Freundlich says.

"People began to think that it wasn't a good idea to send kids
to school with those birth certificates. It added to a stigma,"
Freundlich says. Today adoptees in every state are issued new,
amended birth certificates bearing the names of the adoptive parents
and no indication that an adoption took place.

Historian Carp, author of the book, Family Matters: Secrecy
and Disclosure in the History of Adoption, says Measure 58
was successful in Oregon "because advocates portray it as an
equal opportunity, civil rights issue, and that appeals to voters."

"The climate of opinion in America is very much against secrecy,"
Carp says, particularly when it involves the government. But,
he adds, the issue is "a double-edged sword. If you turn this
thing around and appeal to the need for privacy, people's opinions
change very quickly."


Adoptees' access to records

Most states allow adoptees to get general information about their
birth parents but ban access to data that could be used to identify
the parents. Only two states, Alaska and Kansas, permit adoptees
18 or older unconditional access to their birth records. Nineteen
other states allow certain adoptees access, usually depending
on when they were adopted or whether birth parents have consented.
The 21 states that permit conditional or unconditional access:

                Adoptees' access to birth records
 Alaska         At age 18
 Colorado       At age 18 for adoptions after June 9, 1999, unless birth parent
vetoes
 Delaware       At age 21, unless birth parent vetoes
 Hawaii         At age 18 for adoptions after Jan. 1, 1991, unless birth parent
vetoes
 Indiana        Pre-1940 records open
 Iowa           Pre-1941 records open
 Kansas         At age 18
 Kentucky       At age 21, with birth parent's consent
 Maryland       Pre-1947 records open
 Minnesota      At age 19 for adoptions after 1982, unless birth parent vetoes
 Montana        Records before July 1, 1967, open; from July 1, 1967, to Sept.
30, 1997,
                court orders needed; from Oct. 1, 1997, to present, records open

 at age
                18, unless birth parent vetoes
 Nebraska       At age 25 with birth parent's consent, but adoptive parent can
veto
 Ohio           Pre-1964 records open
 Oklahoma       Post-1991 records open at age 18, unless birth parent vetoes
 Oregon         At age 21; law is on hold because of a court challenge
 Pennsylvania   At age 18, if birth parent files waiver granting consent
 Tennessee      At age 21, unless the adoptee is a product of rape or incest;
birth
                parent can veto any contact with adoptee; law is under court
challenge
 Vermont        At age 18 on adoptions before 1986, with birth parent's consent;

 on
                later adoptions, birth parent can veto
 Virginia       For adoptions on or after July 1, 1994, records open to adoptees

 at
                age 18, adoptive and birth parents
 Washington     At age 18 on adoptions after Oct. 1, 1993, unless birth parent
vetoes
 Wisconsin      At age 18, with birth parent's consent

Source: Bastard Nation

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Family photo; PHOTO, B/W, Charles Steck; PHOTO, B/W, Todd
Buchanan for USA TODAY; PHOTO, B/W, Tim Gonzalez for USA TODAY; Successful
search: Anita Field, right, got her birth records. Above, Field and her adoptive
mother, Tillie Abramson.  Adoptee activists: Members of Bastard Nation advocate
opening records. Leading the fight: Helen Hill, with son Senny Siegel at their
home in Nehalem, says access to birth certificates is 'a basic civil right.'

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               32 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 27, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Finding a formula for equality Female scientists bond over MIT bias, become a
catalyst for change

BYLINE: Mary Beth Marklein

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1133 words

DATELINE: CAMBRIDGE, Mass.


CAMBRIDGE, Mass. -- Professor Nancy Hopkins says she and her 14
female colleagues in the Massachusetts Institute of Technology's
School of Science were "just thinking about our own problem"
five years ago when they began to explore whether women were treated
the same as men.

Then came the media blitz in March this year, when MIT acknowledged
that the women, all tenured and prominent in their fields, had
been discriminated against. Whether the topic was teaching assignments,
pay or research space, women consistently came up short -- a finding
that struck a nerve with female faculty as nearby as Harvard and
as far away as Israel.


"We were just buried for weeks, with women writing (from) all
over the world," says Hopkins, a molecular biologist who suddenly
found herself in great demand as a speaker. She even appeared
at the White House at the invitation of Bill and Hillary Clinton
and is still fielding calls and e-mail.

And the more she learns about the battles being fought over the
issue on campuses nationwide, the more she thinks, "What happened
here is a miracle."

Sex discrimination is hardly a new issue: It has been frustrating
faculty and administrators nationwide since the Civil Rights Act
of 1964. But for those women who have hit brick walls over the
years, MIT's candor was refreshing.

"Not many schools of higher education have the guts to just step
forward and say, 'We blew it,' " says Jane Rastallis, a risk
management consultant with Tillinghast-Towers Perrin in Boston.

"It gives legitimacy and validity to a concern that a lot of
women professors have been voicing for a long time," says Donna
Euben, a lawyer with the American Association of University Professors
(AAUP), a Washington group that tracks the issue.

As more women enter the profession, they could become harder to
ignore. A recent AAUP study shows that the number of women on
college faculties has increased in the past 22 years, but women
are far more likely than men to languish in lower-paying positions,
institutions and disciplines. Just 18.7% of full professors are
women; more than half of low-ranking lecturers and instructors
are women. Men outearn women at all ranks.

Campus administrators don't deny the numbers; they just don't
think discrimination is the cause. "If there are disparities,
there are other reasons for them," says Christine Hughes, general
counsel at the University of Washington in Seattle.

Other factors could be fewer women in particular fields or low
turnover among tenured faculty, which makes it harder to promote
junior faculty. Some argue that women choose less prestigious
part-time or temporary appointments for family reasons. And most
point out that the gap has been narrowing steadily.

Yet neither the controversy nor the legal action has abated:

* Two women in the dental school at the University of Washington
are suing the university for sex discrimination and have asked
the judge to recognize their complaint, filed in federal court
in April, as a class-action lawsuit.

* In January, a jury awarded $ 12.7 million to a former
chemistry professor at Trinity College in Connecticut who sued
for sex discrimination after being denied tenure in 1993.

* At Stanford University in California, the U.S. Labor
Department is investigating possible affirmative action violations
after 15 women said they were fired or denied tenure or promotions
because of their sex.

Experts say formal complaints against universities fluctuate.
But some evidence suggests an overall increase. Last year, the
Equal Employment Opportunity Commission received 1,058 charges
of sex discrimination against colleges and universities, compared
with 843 in 1988.

At United Educators Insurance, a company in Chevy Chase, Md.,
that is serving 1,050 colleges and universities, the percentage
of schools hit by sex-related claims went up from 14% in 1993
to 19% in 1998, or more than a third.

Rastallis says about 75% of discrimination cases are settled out
of court.

Some observers complain that colleges cave in too quickly. When
the University of Minnesota's Twin Cities campus awarded $ 3 million
in salary increases to women to settle a class-action lawsuit,business professor
Ian Maitland sued the school for discrimination
against men, arguing that there wasn't evidence to support the
original discrimination charge.

The lawsuit "puts university administrators on notice that they
can't simply buy off one particular interest group without actually
ascertaining whether there has been discrimination," says Terence
Pell of the Center for Individual Rights, a public-interest law
firm in Washington, D.C., representing Maitland.

Similarly, some observers say MIT administrators reacted too hastily
to the report, which stressed that inequities were not intentional.
"If the truth be known, most universities aren't organized in
a way where they could consciously and systematically do anything,
let alone discriminate," lawyer Hughes says.

But AAUP research director Ernst Benjamin says that even without
intentional discrimination, "you can get a continuing pattern
which is discriminatory."

Court rulings over the years have similarly yielded mixed messages.
Some experts say a 1991 law has made the climate more attractive
to accusers, but the AAUP's Euben says the potential for a payoff
doesn't account for women who don't file charges, such as four
law professors at Florida State University in Tallahassee who
quit after complaining repeatedly to superiors of mistreatment.
Nor does it account for conflicts resolved quietly, something
most women prefer, Euben says.

At MIT, the thought of a lawsuit crossed Hopkins' mind in 1994
when supervisors told her they were dropping a course she had
developed and taught for seven years. A male colleague who worked
on it with her for three years was going to turn the course into
a book and a CD-ROM.

To her, it was another example of marginalization. "At first
I was depressed," says Hopkins, who has been at MIT for 26 years.
Finally, she says, "I just didn't give a damn anymore."

Thus began the investigation that led to the changes. MIT president
Charles Vest ordered immediate restitution, including pay raises.
 There was talk about MIT becoming a national model, but
not everyone thinks that's a good idea.

Some experts suggest that MIT is unique. Others question whether
a public acknowledgment invites lawsuits.

But Vest has no regrets. He sees the recent action as an extension
of MIT's efforts to attract and keep women. "What this disclosed
to me is that that picture had not been completed," he says.
"We're better off to get ahead of the curve."

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, C.J. Gunther for USA TODAY; Equality lab: MIT professors
Nancy Hopkins, left, Mary-Lou Pardue and Leigh Royden questioned the treatment
of women.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               33 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 10, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Britain will unleash imported pets Animals from USA still face long quarantine

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 1092 words

DATELINE: OTTERSHAW, England


OTTERSHAW, England -- By the time a new form of national emancipation
takes effect here next April, Zoe the Jack Russell terrier's six-month
stint in the joint will have run its course.

The polite 5-year-old, who still has five months remaining in
solitary, paced between her bed and proper wingback chair, oblivious
to recent bulletins that the United Kingdom's century-old quarantine
mandate for imported dogs and cats had finally fallen.

Perhaps no other country in the world has maintained such a rigid,
and some say cruel, guard against the outbreak of rabies for so
long. About 10,000 dogs and cats each year are sentenced to 180
days in isolation before they are allowed to rejoin their owners.


The quarantine laws were established in 1901 after rabies outbreaks
killed more than 170 people in Britain.

The reforms were finally ushered in after a bitter five-year lobbying
effort waged by an eclectic group of allies -- among them Prime
Minister Tony Blair, Elton John, Sting and actress Elizabeth Hurley.
The news was greeted with hardly a whimper from the 76 inmates
at the Wey Farm Quarantine Kennels and Cattery.

The kennel, which is an hour southwest of London, is one of about
80 government-inspected, privately owned quarantine facilities
in England.

"We try to make it comfortable for them here," proprietor Karina
Le Mare says. "We are the equivalent of a five-star luxury hotel."

Others are not so generous with their evaluations of Wey Farm
and the quarantine system. Lady Mary Fretwell (disparaged as Lady
Frightful by some kennel operators), likens the system to "pure
gothic horror."

"This law born of voodoo and hysteria was finally exposed for
the sham it is," says Fretwell, chairwoman of the powerful Passports
for Pets campaign.

Starting next year, a pilot program directed by the Ministry of
Agriculture, Fisheries and Food will allow dogs and cats free
passage into Britain provided they have been tagged for identification
by microchip and owners can show proof of vaccination and recent
treatment for ticks and tapeworms.

The reforms will apply only to pets imported from 22 countries,
mainly Western Europe. The United States and other North American
countries still pose too great of an unstudied "risk," ministry
spokesman Stewart Todd says.

But even with that sizeble exception -- American pets number about
40% of the quarantined population -- the ministry's decision sparked
unreserved joy in the ranks of the Royal Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals and in Fretwell's group.

For too long, RSPCA spokesman Alex Ross says, sustained isolation
has subjected animals to unnecessary, and sometimes permanent,
anxiety.

In the worst cases, death results from old age, illness or a broken
heart, kennel owners and officials say.

Not a single pet in quarantine has been diagnosed with rabies
in nearly three decades, authorities say.

"We've had grave concerns about quarantine for a number of years,"
Ross says. "These animals are used to being part of a family
unit. A lot of them come out of isolation quite scarred."

So do some of their owners.

Christine Riesenfeld of Philadelphia is convinced that the stress
of isolation contributed to the death of Jinx, one of two Maine
coon cats who were quarantined after the family moved to London
almost three years ago.

Shortly after Jinx and Beau were released, Riesenfeld says her
10-year-old female was diagnosed with a rare form of cancer.

"I'm convinced she couldn't take the solitary confinement. Jinx
was a very social cat, but I could see her behavior going downhill
even though I went to visit every other day (a roundtrip commute
of two hours)."

Beau survived unscathed.

"Had we known what the cats had to go through, we probably wouldn't
have made the decision to come here," Riesenfeld says, referring
to her husband's business relocation.

"These cats are our children."

Le Mare says Riesenfeld's trauma is typical of the distress expressed
by some of the owners. Many of them, she says, take the term of
quarantine much harder than their pets.

Le Mare's business partner, Glynn Payne, says one former American
client was so distressed about the pending separation from his
cat that he financed the construction of a "luxury suite" on
the Wey Farm grounds.

Carpeting, draperies, wall hangings and upholstered chairs were
installed in the climate-controlled box, all at his expense in
addition to the kennel charge of about $ 340 per month.

"He was worried that the cat had never been outside of his apartment
in New York," Payne says.

Evidence is everywhere of the lengths owners have gone to make
their pets' confinement less stressful. Owners have made chairs
and padded beds almost a standard here. Outside, however, the
compound looks every bit the lock-up it's meant to be. Tall, chain-link
fencing surrounds the perimeter.

Although recent rule changes almost certainly mean significantly
less profit for the kennel operators, Le Mare says she's "not
panicked or even worrying." That could be because Americans account
for up to 80% of her business.

Her clients include executives of Citibank, Merrill Lynch, Texaco
and Shell. Many companies include the cost of quarantine -- more
than $ 2,000 in many cases -- in employee moving expenses.

Le Mare says she is concerned that the sudden relaxation of the
long-standing law puts the country at too great a health risk.
She favors a gradual phasing out of the quarantine accompanied
by a strict monitoring system to ensure its effectiveness.

"This was an ill-conceived scheme designed to placate the public,"
she says.

Le Mare knows her position rankles Fretwell. And she is aware
of Fretwell's moniker for her: "The Bat from Hell."

Fretwell and her army of supporters have taken advantage of virtually
every opportunity to press their case.

Last month, the plight of William Dowell, a sick 15-year-old boy,
made national news when he refused to return home to Britain from
France unless his Pyrenean mountain dog, Cassis, could be guaranteed
a quarantine waiver.

Dowell appealed directly to Blair, who approved the boy's request.

Ministry officials say the reforms had been in the works long
before Dowell's case became public.

"I wouldn't say we caved in," says Todd, the ministry spokesman.
"The prime minister, bless him, made the decision on the waiver.
But change had already started down the road."

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Toby Melville, AP; PHOTO, B/W, Kleran Doherty, Reuters;
Dog-gone happy: Jackie Paradis of the Royal Society for the Prevention of
cruelty to Animals, shows a device that scans for microchips in animals. Attilla
approves. I.D. tag: The microchip can be inserted under the skin of a dog or
cat's neck.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               34 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   August 11, 1999, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Global Surveyor photos show Mars' changing face

BYLINE: Paul Hoversten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 517 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- New photos from NASA's Mars Global Surveyor spacecraft
show that Mars is an active, changing planet with shifting sand
dunes, swirling clouds and mini-tornadoes, scientists said Tuesday.

The new images run counter to the prevailing view of Mars, which
"has been of something stuck in the freezer for millions of years,"
said Michael Meyer, a NASA space scientist. "Instead, we see
that Mars is an active, dynamic planet."


An understanding of the planet's climate, weather and features
will be important if NASA ever decides to send humans to Mars.
A manned mission has been discussed, but there are no plans.

"Mars is a cold, dry desert, but it is far from being a stagnant
place," said Michael Malin of Malin Space Science Systems in
San Diego. Malin Space Science Systems built Global Surveyor's
camera.

Global Surveyor, which has been in orbit around Mars since 1997,
monitors the planet's weather on a daily basis just as weather
satellites do for Earth. It has found continuous -- and startling
-- changes at Mars' northern and southern hemispheres, where the
seasons are opposite.

In the northern hemisphere, which is now moving from summer into
fall, storm clouds have been brewing over the polar ice cap all
through the month of July, Malin said.

By January, as winter approaches and the polar cap grows, the
clouds will cover most of the northern plains, bringing a low
layer of ice-crystal fog, snow and darkness.

In the southern hemisphere, which is now moving from winter into
spring, a thin sprinkling of frost is melting off sand dunes that
resemble those found on Earth in California's Mojave Desert.

The dunes have shifted considerably because of windstorms since
the Mariner 9 probe first photographed them in the early 1970s.

Unlike the gigantic sand dunes found by the Viking orbiters in
the mid-1970s that rivaled those at Kitty Hawk, N.C., these are
"run-of-the-mill, everyday dunes," said Jim Zimbelman, a planetary
geologist at the Smithsonian Institution.

Global Surveyor also found dust devils -- spinning funnels of
air that arise when the ground is heated -- swirling over the
Martian surface.

Most were about a mile high, but some were as high as 5 miles.
Although the winds are strong enough to hold several tons of dust,
the dust devils are far less powerful than tornadoes on Earth.

"It's become a full-fledged, respectable planet in terms of the
great variety of geologic features all over the surface," said
Peter Thomas, a program scientist at Cornell University in Ithaca,
N.Y. "It's like if you landed on one part of Earth, in Australia,
it would not look like New England at all."

Two more NASA spacecraft are en route to Mars to further study
its weather systems and surface features.

The Climate Orbiter is to arrive Sept. 23 to study Mars from space
for two years. The Polar Lander is to crash-land near the south
pole and study the surface for three months. It also will release
two mini-probes that will search for signs of water or ice in
the soil.



LOAD-DATE: August 12, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, Color, Malin Space Science Systems/NASA (4); PHOTO, Color,
NASA; Weather patterns: Several camera images from the Global Surveyor were used
to create a time-lapsed 'movie' that displays the development of a storm over a
two-day period. Spring on Mars: This picture shows the southern hemisphere of
Mars before the start of spring. The retreating polar cap is in the lower
quarter.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               35 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 27, 1999, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Growth funds can buffer your worries of inflation

BYLINE: John Waggoner

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 874 words


Quiz time! When the Federal Reserve raises interest rates, you
should:

A. Buy inflation-sensitive stocks.

B. Sell everything and move to Australia.

C. None of the above.

In a traditional business cycle, A would be true, while B would
only be true if rising interest rates were accompanied by locusts.
But in this cycle, your best response to inflation fears might
be to buy shares in a large-company growth fund.

The Federal Reserve Board bumped its short-term federal funds
rate to 5.25% on Tuesday. It also raised the discount rate, the
rate it charges for overnight loans to banks, to 4.75%. The Fed
raised rates to try to cool the economy and head off inflation.
That's a sea change from last year, when the Fed lowered short-term
interest rates three times to try to avert global deflation --
a period of declining prices.

When the Fed speaks, you should listen. So when the Fed worries
about inflation, it normally makes sense to look for stocks that
benefit from inflation. The usual suspects are stocks of companies
that produce or refine raw materials, such as DuPont and Dow Chemical.
"You'd want to buy anything to do with commodities or resources
of all kinds, including gold," says Arnold Kaufman, editor of
The Outlook, a newsletter published by Standard & Poor's.

These companies are also called late-cycle stocks because they
fare best at the end of an economic cycle, when inflation is most
likely.

And, in fact, late-cycle stocks have fared well this year. DuPont
and Dow have soared 32% vs. a 12% rise for the Standard &
Poor's 500-stock index.

For mutual fund investors, the first choice would be natural resources
funds, which invest in mining stocks and other traditional inflation
plays. They are up 37% through Aug. 19. A close second would be
large-company value funds, which often are loaded with late-cycle
stocks. Unfortunately, they also favor banks, which have been
getting clobbered. So large-company value funds are up just 7.4%
this year.

But surprisingly, Wall Street didn't rush to traditional inflation
stocks when the Fed raised rates. In fact, many late-cycle stocks
swooned. DuPont, for example, fell from $ 71 7/8 Monday to $ 68
13/16 Thursday. Dow fell from $ 128 1/2 to $ 118 1/8 in the same
period. Why?

* Fed policymakers said the rate hike should "markedly diminish
the risk of rising inflation." Wall Street took that as an indication
that inflation fears were abating at the Fed. "It's not the end
of the world at all," Kaufman says.

 * The main inflation threat now is coming from labor costs, not
from raw materials prices.

So, if traditional late-cycle stocks have had their run, where
do you go? In recent years, the ability to squeeze more production
from one worker has been the key to keeping inflation under control.
The key to increasing productivity? Computers. Telecommunications.
The Internet. In other words, technology -- the traditional playground
of growth funds. So it figures companies whose job is to control
inflation might be the biggest inflation beneficiaries these days.

The biggest problem with growth funds is high prices. The S&P
500, which has a growth bias, sells at 32 times the past 12 months'
earnings -- pricey by any measure. But David Alger, head of Alger
funds, says paying 60 times earnings for a company whose growth
prospects are twice that of the S&P 500 makes perfect sense.
"It's reasonable, given current rates -- right in the middle
of a 17-year range," he says.

Scary? Sure. So is owning shares of a chemical company when the
economy rolls over. But in the long term, technology is most likely
the country's future -- not mining or gold. And if you're hoping
for returns that will beat inflation over the long haul, a growth
fund will probably be a far better ally than a natural resources
fund. The top-performing large-company growth funds the past five
years are in the chart.

John Waggoner's column appears Fridays. ON LINE: Waggoner answers
questions at www.usatoday.com. His e-mail address is waggon@usatoday.com.


Seeing a favorable return
Top five growth funds the past five years:
                                  Total return [+1]
 Fund name, phone 800                                  1999             5 years
 Alger Capital Appreciation, 992-3863                  29.6%              394%
 White Oak Growth Stock, 888-462-5386                  17.1%              335%
 Janus Twenty, 525-8983                                13.0%              331%
 Reynolds Blue Chip Growth, 773-9665                   11.2%              290%
 Spectra, 711-6141                                     12.7%              277%
 Average stock mutual fund                              7.3%              141%

Source: Lipper 1 -- Dividends, gains reinvested through Aug. 19

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               36 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 17, 1999, Friday, FINAL EDITION
                              Correction Appended

Investors look to win name game

BYLINE: David Rynecki

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 2205 words

<>
Investors love famous names. What else is the Nifty 50 but a collection
of brand-name stocks? Yet in the last year global deflation, a
broadening market and fundamental concerns have turned some of
the best-known stocks into flameouts. Once sure things, Coca-Cola,
AT&T and Pfizer are eating the dust of high-octane technology
stocks such as Cisco Systems and Intel. Many of the stocks individual
investors hold most sacred haven't even kept pace with the Standard
& Poor's 500 index. Are we at the end of an era? USA Today's
David Rynecki examines whether the time has come to
press the eject button or go bargain hunting.
<>

* Have a Coke and a frown -- After delivering a 170% total
return to investors from 1994 to the end of 1998, Coca-Cola has
been all fizzle, down TK% in 1999. The global financial crisis
in 1998 initially sent money flocking to the comfort of Coke.
But subsequent global deflation then erased the company's pricing
power and turned one of America's best-loved stocks into an instant
laggard. With a P-E near triple digits, coke suddenly looked bloated
to investors. Coke profits skidded 13.6% in 1999, according to
earnings-tracker IBES, and have been lackluster since. A recent
product scare in Belgium and lousy public relations triage only
worsened the after-taste for Coke investors.


But analysts say not to give up yet. Coke is one of those blue
chip companies you should always keep in a portfolio, says Jeremy
Siegel, a professor at the Wharton School and author of the investment
class "Stocks for the Long Run." Among the pluses: Warren Buffett
is still one of the largest shareholders, global demand is picking
up and that lofty P-E is down to a more modest 43. "The good
taste of Coca-Cola has been enjoyed for generations and has a
permanence no technology company has been able to find," Siegel
says.

Adds Edward Jones strategist Alan Skrainka: "When a company like
Coke stumbles it's a rare opportunity for investors to buy the
stock at a low price," he says.

Outlook: Bullish.

* Ma Bell's busy signal: AT&T and its offspring BellSouth,
U.S. West and SBC Communications have looked like anything but
easy money for at least a year. All four stocks are down this
year compared to hefty historical returns. The stocks your grandmother
owned for decades now look like great ways to go nowhere fast.

Not so fast, say analysts. Competition sparked by falling long-distance
prices as well as uncertainty about recent acquisition activity
has cut into the leading telecommunications concerns. Yet many
analysts now see AT&T, while no longer the monopoly of years
past, as a highly diversified, fine-tuned player. Earnings, which
declined 1.1% on average the last five years, are expected to
rise 3.2% this year and grow at a 10.1% pace the next five years.
And Wall Street loves CEO C. Michael Armstrong. "It's not easy
to turn the entire ship all at once," says portfolio manager
Dave Magee at Duncan-Hurst Capital Management. "Over time, they'll
be okay because they have such a strong name."

As for the others, SBC looks ripe. It could soon control one-third
of all U.S. access lines and service to 7 million customers with
an emphasis on the bustling California and Texas markets. But
BellSouth and U.S. West -- soon to become part of Quest in a blockbuster
$ 48.5 billion deal -- continue to look for direction. Critics
complain U.S. West still resembles its nickname "U.S. Worst"
and BellSouth has been a sleeping giant and slow to diversify
away from local phone service. "They don't seem to be in the
leading position that SBC and AT&T are in," Skrainka says.

Outlook: Bullish for AT&T and SBC. Neutral for BellSouth
and U.S. West.

* Viagra, anyone? -- Pfizer stock rose 65% in 1998 amid
the hype surrounding Viagra. Sales of the drug reached near $ 1
billion and investors clamored for more. But shares are down TK%
this year and TK% below the April 12 52-week high at around $ 50
as a result of worries that changes in government regulations
will take a bite out of profits at drug companies.

While some concern is warranted, analysts say your best reaction
might be to treat the slump in Pfizer and rival Merck as a buying
opportunity. Pfizer, in particular, is diversified enough to overcome
most hurdles. It has about 70 products in the pipeline and a broad
line of consumer products from Unisom to Barbasol. "Some day
these companies will find a cure for cancer," Mike Weiner, portfolio
manager at Banc One Investment Advisors, says. "That's a worthwhile
investment."

Outlook: Bullish.

* The razor's edge -- Like the stock weakness at Coke and
Pepsi, Gillette's troubles this year are largely do to global
economic issues. Investors fled to the safety of the stock when
the Asian crisis threatened to devour smaller companies, but they
then sold out when the stock's price got too pricey and less expensive
opportunities began to appear. With a 28% annualized return from
1994 through the end of 1998, the Gillette's TK% decline this
year has make the stock look less bloated. But its 36 P-E continues
to worry some investors.

In deciding whether you want to buy, sell or hold the stock, financial
planner David Root Jr. suggests looking at Gillette or any other
multinational the same way you examine all stocks: does it have
a franchise, does it have above-average growth, is owning the
stock going to earn you more money than owning a mutual fund that
tracks the Standard & Poor's 500. Although Root sees a chance
for Gillette to rebound, he suggests first-time investors build
their portfolio around names such as Cisco Systems, Johnson &
Johnson and American Express.

Outlook: Neutral.

* Is Mickey Mouse in charge? -- As a stock, Walt Disney
has been performing as well as the company's last place Anaheim
Angels baseball team. It is down TK% from an April 1998 high of
$ 41 33/64. The culprits: management infighting that rivals some
of the soap operas on ABC, the death of influential president
Frank Wells in 1994, low ratings at ABC and a rocky Internet strategy.
Investors place much of the blame on chief mouseketeer Michael
Eisner, once seen as a savior and now as a goat. Analysts say
Eisner, whose is still considered a visionary, needs someone near
him to keep an eye on the bottom line.

Banc One's Weiner says investors have believed too much in the
Disney myth. The problem, he says, "is that because people believe
in Disney, when it disappoints the stock doesn't go down enough
to make changes happen at the top. Just because you enjoyed your
trip to Disneyworld doesn't mean you should buy the stock."

Outlook: Squeamish.

* Compaq's meltdown -- Do you want Compaq Computer's stock
or Dell Computer's? For years, that question seemed open to debate
as investors piled into both stocks. More Merrill Lynch investors
actually hold Compaq than Dell. But the debate might be over.

Struggling to keep pace with Dell's direct marketing and the advent
of the $ 500 PC, Compaq has turned from a dynamic player into one
that is unwieldy. Profit growth fell 60.7% in 1999 to 53 cents
a share, IBES reports, and is expected to fall another 43% this
year. Analysts project a bullish 287% jump in profits next year,
but that owes itself to the fact that the company has fallen far
and fast.

Still reeling from an awkward marriage to Digital Equipment in
1998, management -- going through its own internal mess -- is
struggling to cut fat. More layoffs could be in the works. But
Wall Street is getting impatient waiting for results. About the
only thing Compaq has going for itself, says Skrainka, is its
computers: still some of the most popular around. In this climate,
the stock has tanked TK%, from a high of $ 51 [#188] high on Jan.
27 to Thursday's TK close. Says Duncan-Hurst's Magee, "We've
always favored Dell over Compaq."

Outlook: Neutral.

* Smoke gets in your eyes -- If you look at the chart of
Philip Morris' performance the last two years you might start
to think that instead of selling cigarettes the company has gone
into the yo-yo business. Historically one of the stocks to own,
the home of the Marlboro man is no longer a smart bet for long-term
investors. Even the dominance of its Kraft Foods and Miller Brewing
divisions hasn't stirred life in the stock. Shares are down TK%
this year and performance over the last five years has equaled
only half the gain of the Standard & Poor's 500 index.

Leery of the hundreds of billions of dollars in potential damage
from litigation hanging over the stock, even Wall Street oh-so
optimistic analysts are dumping out their ashes. You, too, should
stay away. "With 10,000 stock choices out there, I don't think
investors need to take on the problems that are going to be a
dark cloud over Philip Morris for years to come," Skrainka says.

Outlook: Bearish.



Long-term gains, but a bad year
                            52-week          Thurs.
                                   10
 Company (ticker)           high/low         close        P-E          1999
          years Merck (MRK)           87 3/8/60 13/16      $69 7/16       30
          -5.9%          487%
 Walt Disney (DIS)     38 11/16/2 1/2       $27 1/2        38          -8.3%
          189%
 SBC Commun (SBC)         59 15/16/39       $48 7/16       22          -9.7%
          256%
 AT&T (T)             64 5/64/37 29/64      $45 1/2        17          -9.9%
          147%
 Gillette (G)          64 3/8/35 5/16       $42 1/2        36         -11.1%
          668%
 BellSouth (BLS)      51 5/16/34 29/32      $44 5/16       25         -11.2%
          236%
 Pfizer (PFE)         50 3/64/28 43/64      $36 1/4        49         -13.0%
        1,190%
 U.S. West (USW)          66/50 3/4         $56 3/16       18         -13.1%
          174%
 PepsiCo (PEP)            42 9/16/29        $33 3/16       29         -18.8%
          283%
 Coca-Cola (KO)        75 7/16/53 5/8       $54 1/16       43         -19.3%
          585%
 Philip Morris (MO)     59 1/2/33 1/8       $36 7/16       11         -31.9%
          181%
 Compaq (CPQ)             51 1/4/20         $24            47         -42.9%
          708%
S&P 500 index         1418.78/923.32       1318.48        31           7.3%
          282%

Source: Bloomberg News, USA TODAY research<>

Nifty 50 earnings

Actual and estimated annual earnings growth rates of a dozen of
the Nifty 50 stocks and their average growth rate the past five
years.

 Company                    1998           1999             2000
5-year
 AT&T                       21.9%          -2.3%            3.2%
-1.1%
 BellSouth                  14.7%          19.8%           11.3%
12.9%
 Coca-Cola                  13.6%          -7.2%           17.9%
5.8%
 Compaq                    -60.7%         -43.0%            287%
-11.9%
 Gillette                    0.8%           0.8%           16.1%
9.5%
 Merck                      13.2%          13.9%           13.0%
15.9%
 Pepsi                      -7.8%           2.5%           14.0%
1.5%
 Pfizer                     23.7%          19.6%           19.2%
19.3%
 Philip Morris               6.1%           5.8%           11.5%
13.0%
 SBC Communications         14.2%          14.1%           12.2%
11.0%
 US West                     9.7%          12.1%            6.4%
3.5%
 Walt Disney                -3.3%         -24.0%           16.7%
-0.7%

Source: IBES

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: September 20, 1999, Monday

CORRECTION:  Walt Disney stock's 52-week low is $22 1/2. It was incorrect in a
chart published Friday on page 3B.

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Alejandro Gonzalez, USA TODAY

TYPE: MANAGING YOUR MONEY

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               38 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 8, 1999, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Recent errors tarnish Lockheed's image Slumping earnings, consolidation hurt
NASA contractor

BYLINE: Gary Strauss

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 408 words


If image is everything, Lockheed Martin's may be nearing rock
bottom.

The aerospace and defense giant is lead contractor on NASA's latest
Mars probe, which now may be lost forever. The cause of the $ 123
million Mars Polar Lab's demise may never be known, but Lockheed
could shoulder plenty of blame.


Lockheed was lead contractor on the MPL's sister ship, the $ 165
million Mars Climate Orbiter, destroyed in September. Independent
investigators cited several errors. Among the most perplexing:
failing to convert English-to-metric data.

"It's the stupidest error you could have made," says Keith Cowing,
an industry watchdog who operates the Web site NASA Watch. "Lockheed
Martin should be held liable."

Internal and external reviews have led to changes in personnel
and other corrective measures, Lockheed spokesman Hugh Burns says.

Lockheed and subcontractors have also been crimped by NASA's "faster,
cheaper, better" policy, which has hurt stringent testing, says
John Logsdon of George Washington University's Space Policy Institute.
Monitors that could have pinpointed the MPL's demise were also
eliminated, he says.

Review boards will be set up by NASA to explore ways to prevent
more failures. But Lockheed-built spacecraft for 2001 will be
delayed.

The company has been reeling for some time. Last month, a military
review of five space launch failures faulted contractors for cutting
corners.

Slumping earnings, the departure of key executives and consolidation
in the aerospace and defense industry have also pummeled Lockheed's
status on Wall Street. Tuesday, its stock closed up 1/16 at $ 19
5/8, down 50% since August.

A 32% drop in third-quarter earnings, warnings that 2000 net income
would be 50% below estimates and the forced exit of CEO Peter
Teets continue to sour investors. The firm's market capitalization
is about $ 7.5 billion, although it had 1998 sales of $ 26.3 billion.

Lockheed recently lost a $ 5 billion contract for a National Security
Agency spy satellite, and Congress recently cut funding for its
F-22 fighter jet.

Stock analyst Peter Jacobs at Ragen MacKenzie says Lockheed has
$ 45 billion worth of back orders. Jacobs, however, doesn't expect
earnings to rebound until 2001 or 2002.

"They've had some highly embarrassing failures," Merrill Lynch's
Byron Callan says. "Can I say something is intrinsically wrong?
I don't know."



LOAD-DATE: December 08, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               40 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 31, 1999, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Bradley was Knick, but Gore's the team player

BYLINE: Jill Lawrence

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17A

LENGTH: 1245 words


WASHINGTON

Bill Bradley was a loner, known for an independence that didn't
always go down well at home in New Jersey or in the collegial
club that is the U.S. Senate. Al Gore was a team player, a style
that worked better as a senator and vice president than as a presidential
candidate.

The political styles of the two Democrats are as different as
their temperaments. Their priorities, legislative skills and relationships
all hint at what types of presidents they'd be.

The two do share some political traits. Both are cerebral. Both
had fast, stellar starts in Congress. And both have overcome setbacks
to make strong White House bids:


* Bradley nearly lost his 1990 bid for a third Senate term
from New Jersey to then-newcomer Christie Whitman, who is now
the governor. The close call, caused largely by his refusal to
take a stand on state tax increases, dissolved Bradley's image
as a rising political star heading to greatness. By the time he
retired from the Senate in January 1997, he was disillusioned
with the political system and out of step with his party's increasingly
tough-minded views on welfare.

* Gore clearly enjoys the advantages of incumbency. But
as vice president he is naturally overshadowed by President Clinton
-- and has been damaged politically by Clinton's scandal-ridden
administration. His team spirit, meanwhile, led him to suppress
some of his views and express others -- for instance, proclaiming
Clinton one of the greatest U.S. presidents right after he'd been
impeached.

Different kinds of legislators

In Congress, Gore was the good student who took on complicated
issues and studied them for months. "He was the intellectual,"
says Rep. Norm Dicks, D-Wash., who has worked with Gore on defense
and arms control strategy for 20 years. He says Gore, a link to
the Reagan administration for House moderates trying to influence
U.S. arms control policy, wrote "draft after draft" of articles
for prestigious publications.

Gore's strong suit was as a spokesman. In floor speeches, hearings,
articles and a book, he drew attention to issues he believed were
pressing, including pollution, climate change, organ transplants
and problems in the space program.

"In some ways, Gore is more effective working in the glare of
the spotlight, and in some ways, Bradley was more effective in
the back rooms," says Gregory Wetstone, a senior official at
the Natural Resources Defense Council.

Bradley, though he got attention when he wanted it, was more involved
in nuts and bolts, especially on fiscal and water policy. "As
a legislator, I wanted to be a workhorse, not a show horse. The
idea was to get things done, pass balls," he says, recalling
his trademark as a New York Knick: passing so others could make
baskets.

Like Gore, who subjected himself to 13 months of tutorials with
an expert aide to master the nuances of nuclear arms, Bradley
was an avid student of policy. He joined the Intelligence Committee
and became an authority on the U.S.S.R.

The bi-annual Almanac of American Politics praised both
men highly. In 1988, authors Michael Barone and Grant Ujifusa
said Gore brought to his work seriousness, close study of facts
and "an originality of thought that make him a natural leader."
They were even more effusive about Bradley. In 1990, they wrote
that many Republicans as well as Democrats "think the country
would be lucky" if he became president. "He has demonstrated
a special strength of character and self-discipline not often
seen in politicians and a piercing insight into issues that goes
quickly to the heart of the matter."

Sen. Bob Kerrey, D-Neb., a Bradley backer, says Bradley was influential
because "you knew his conclusion would be sound. Many times when
he argued, the argument would turn as a consequence of the way
he argued it."

Bradley 'on his own'

In the Senate and at home in New Jersey, Bradley kept his own
counsel. "He was pretty much a person who did things on his own,"
says Sen. John Breaux, D-La., a Gore ally who was on the Finance
Committee with Bradley.

Some considered Bradley aloof, but others had a more benign take
on his reserve. Former senator Alan Simpson, R-Wyo., calls him
"a true celebrity" in a glaring spotlight because of his career
with the Knicks: "Naturally, you pull back. If you didn't, you'd
lose your marbles. I saw him as a shy person."

Bradley says it's important for leaders to have down time. "I
don't think you have to be 'on' all the time to be a whole person,"
he says.

In his final Senate years, Bradley was criticized as disengaged.
Some environmentalists say he sat on the sidelines in 1995-96
as Republicans tried to cut back environmental protection laws
and agencies. Bradley says he worked to block those moves in committee
and in filibusters on the floor.

Bradley also dropped out of a bipartisan group trying to salvage
a health-care bill in 1994. He says he left because the others
wouldn't agree to a tax break for workers with high-cost health
insurance. Breaux, co-leader of the group, says Bradley should
have stayed: "If you can't build coalitions and consensus for
a policy, how can you be president?"

For Gore, a shaky start

Critics ask a different question of Gore. His campaign has been
through a series of shifts as he separates from Clinton and reclaims
his political identity. Changes in campaign staff, location, wardrobe
and strategy have led some to wonder how he could run the country
if he couldn't run a presidential campaign he'd anticipated for
years.

Gore says moving his campaign from Washington to Nashville, reducing
his staff and trading staged official events for more spontaneous
encounters with voters all flowed from his realization that he
needed to "establish a clear and direct line of communication
with the American people on my own."

Gore says that as he launched his campaign, he was also helping
his mother cope with his father's death and "dodging incoming
rounds every 30 seconds" as the impeachment process unfolded.
"Those aren't justifications for not having perfect pitch politically,"
he says and then starts to laugh. "I do think that the decision
to put the headquarters on K Street (the lawyer-lobbyist heart
of Washington) was an atrocious decision." His? "I signed off
on it, sure."

It's "probably fair," Gore says, to say the initial setup of
his campaign showed "faulty judgment as a politician. But the
second half of that has to be I've learned from the experience."

Gore has establishment backing for his candidacy, no surprise
given his close ties to party officials and interest groups. Bradley
has maintained a distance from the New Jersey and national parties
since his first election. "He didn't feel like he really needed
the party organization, so he wasn't a part of it," says state
Sen. Ray Lesniak, a former state party chairman who supports Gore.

Bradley says he campaigned for 40 Democratic candidates across
the country after leaving the Senate and "made sure" a Democrat
succeeded him. Lesniak says Bradley campaigned for New Jersey
candidates when asked, "but it was not a great effort. It wasn't
on a regular basis." When Lesniak chaired the state party in
1992-93, "we really had no interaction at all. There wasn't any
hostility there. It was just how it was. That was just his style."

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, color, Eileen Blass, USA TODAY; PHOTO, color, Tim Dillon, USA
TODAY; Bradley: Shown in New Hampshire last month, he often worked better out of
spotlight, Senate colleagues say. Gore: Known as a good student on legislative
issues. Here, he leads a discussion in a Nashville high school in December.
Forging alliances: Bradley campaigns Nov. 30 for New Hampshire state Senate
candidate Bill Lynch with Lynch's wife, Peggy. Speaking to students: One of
Gore's strengths as a senator was speaking about complicated issues he cared
about, such as pollution.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               41 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 26, 1999, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Cuba lures more from USA despite long embargo

BYLINE: Veronica Gould Stoddart

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1731 words


HAVANA

It's a soft, sultry Havana night, and George ("no last name,
please") from New Jersey is caressing his industrial-size Cohiba
at a $ 500-a-plate millennium dinner thrown by Cuba's cigar industry.
He's here on the sly -- and loving it.

"Embargo? What embargo?" he grins, blowing smoke at the 37-year-old
U.S. policy meant to bar him from the island. "Why keep me out
of paradise?"

He's not alone. Drawn by its exotic culture and socialist mystique,
more and more Americans are heading to Cuba. Some, like George,
are "trading with the enemy," despite the threat of a $ 55,000
fine for defying the embargo. Others go with U.S. Treasury Department
licenses that let them travel for educational, cultural or humanitarian
purposes.


"Since 1994, there's been a 10% annual increase of authorized
U.S. travelers but a 20% increase of illegal ones," says John
Kavulich, head of the New York-based U.S.-Cuba Trade and Economic
Council.

"We've seen a huge growth of interest since the pope's visit
14 months ago."

As many as 140,000 Americans hit Cuba's shores last year, up to
30,000 of them without U.S. government permission, Kavulich estimates.

Interest has been boosted by President Clinton's recent announcement
of relaxed restrictions: more charter flights and people-to-people
contact and permission for the Baltimore Orioles to play the Cuban
National Team on Sunday.

"Calls are pouring in every day," says Bob Guild of Marazul
Tours, which arranges legal visits for Americans. "Last year
we took 18,000 travelers, a 50% increase over 1997."

The political radicals of decades ago are now more likely to be
the culturally curious, intrepid adventurers or hedonists on the
trail of cheap rum, fine cigars and casual sex.

As in pre-revolutionary days, notorious for their decadence, Cuba
is still heady with the intoxicating allure of forbidden pleasures,
ironically flourishing in this last communist outpost of the Western
world. And the USA's current cigar craze, Che chic and salsa mania
have only fueled its appeal.

"I wanted to see Cuba before the embargo was lifted," says Corky
from Tacoma, Wash., who flew here with two buddies via Vancouver,
British Columbia. "It's the lure of the taboo."

Daiquiris in hand, they're catching the sun's last rays from the
rooftop pool of the glitzy new 281-room Golden Tulip Parque Central.
A standout amid Old Havana's ornate but crumbling colonial buildings,
the Dutch-run hotel could well be in Hong Kong or Houston.

It's just the latest example of how Cuba is rolling out the welcome
mat, romancing tourists with new resorts, restaurants and night
spots. To keep the island afloat without the Soviet subsidies
of a decade ago, Fidel Castro has raised a banner of tourism or
death.

Once scorned by the revolution, tourism has soared to first place
among the nation's industries. It generated $ 1.8 billion last
year, thanks to 1.4 million visitors, more than four times the
total of 10 years ago.

Cuba's annual tourism growth of nearly 20% is the highest in the
Caribbean, says Mario Sori Montes of Cubanacan, the state-run
tourism agency. He predicts 2 million arrivals next year and a
whopping 10 million in 2010 -- even if the embargo isn't lifted.

Sixty-five airlines fly here; British Airways starts next month.
There is even a Hard Rock Cafe on the horizon, aiming to put Havana
on the restaurant-as-theme-park map.

Indeed, the capital is awash in foreigners. Europeans, Canadians
and South Americans clog the narrow walkways of Old Havana, wedging
themselves into Ernest Hemingway's old watering holes ("My mojito
in La Bodeguita, my daiquiri in El Floridita," he wrote on a
note). Tour buses cruise Parisian boulevards, past mansions built
by sugar barons. Nightclubs swarm with vacationers in search of
a wickedly good time.

At the Hemingway Marina, luxury yachts from abroad line the docks,
at least a dozen flying the Stars and Stripes.

"I came to find the enemy, but the enemy is in Washington,"
says Tom, an American boat owner, pulling his spandex-clad Cuban
girlfriend closer.

As it is retrofitted for tourism, Havana is a web of scaffolding
and cranes. Foreign investors and UNESCO money -- Old Havana is
now a World Heritage Site -- are restoring the scarred colonial
gems to their original grandeur. Some have been reborn as boutique
hotels, like the tony Ambos Mundos, where Hemingway wrote For
Whom the Bell Tolls.

Like the hotel, the city reeks with intrigue and nostalgia. And
it's not just the vintage American cars that seem shrink-wrapped
in time.

The bar at the legendary Hotel Nacional is ever thick with tobacco
smoke and dealmakers in a cacophony of languages. The Malecon
seawall that edges the city still draws romantics and dreamers,
seduced by the taunting presence of Miami just 90 miles across
the great moat of the Caribbean Sea. And everywhere the air is
heavy with the scent of Graham Greene and the Mambo Kings.

Day and night, the whole city dances to rhythms right out of Africa.
Throbbing congas pulsate from shadowed doorways, romantic rumbas
pour from cafes, and high-voltage salsa sets hips grinding.

Havana may be shabby, but its sensuality is intact.

As it always has, music celebrates the irrepressible spirit of
the people, who have suffered bitter privations for the past decade.
Much to Castro's chagrin, this has turned them into dollar-hungry
hustlers: Well-educated Cubans now drive gypsy cabs, rent rooms
to tourists and hawk black-market cigars -- or sex.

Officials blame tourism for the return of prostitution and street
crime, wiped out by the revolution. Last year they planted black-bereted
special police on every corner in the tourist areas and passed
strict anti-crime laws. Prostitutes don't prowl the streets as
before but still turn up in bars and restaurants on the arms of
paunchy, aging foreigners.

Implausibly, English is now the island's lingua franca of tourism
and dollars the coin of the realm. Yet the state tries to insulate
Cubans from "capitalist" contamination by barring them from
hotels and resort areas. The result? A virtual tourism apartheid.

"When you open a window, it lets in fresh air," says Cubanacan's
Sori Montes. "But also pollution."

No place is more of a tourist ghetto than Varadero Beach, a Cancun
wannabe just two hours from Havana. Splashy hotels with 9,000
rooms -- two-thirds as many as on the entire island of Jamaica
-- line a 12-mile strand as clean and white as Cuban sugar. But
even here, the dollar-desperate (pesos are almost worthless) roam
the sands with whispers of "Want cheap lobster dinner?" as they
tout home-based restaurants called paladares.

"It's hard to see the people suffer, they're so warm and friendly
and open," says a tan Canadian on the beach with his American
girlfriend.

As he orders another Cuba libre, he adds, "This place really
gets under your skin."


The 1963 Trading With the Enemy Act doesn't outlaw travel to Cuba
per se, but it does prohibit most U.S. visitors from spending
money there.

Civil penalties go as high as $ 55,000, but most have been $ 1,500
to $ 5,000 each. Since 1994, the Treasury Department's Office of
Foreign Assets Control (OFAC) has collected nearly $ 1.9 million
for civil violations in 379 separate cases.

OFAC licenses authorize some Americans to spend up to $ 100 a day
in Cuba; they include journalists, official government visitors,
those on humanitarian, educational or cultural tours, and Cuban-Americans
visiting close family members, by far the largest group. Fully
hosted visitors, whose travel-related expenses are paid by non-Americans,
are also permitted.

Information: 202-622-2480 or www.treas.gov/ofac.

GETTING THERE: Since regular commercial carriers do not
fly to Cuba from the USA, most people go through third countries
such as Mexico, Canada or the Bahamas. Authorized charter flights
from Miami can be booked by some tour companies. Charters may
serve additional U.S. cities under new regulations to be finalized
soon.

Slipping into Cuba illegally is all too easy. American passports
aren't stamped upon entry. U.S. immigration officials don't always
ask travelers from such popular transit ports as Nassau, Cancun
or Toronto whether they've visited a third country during their
trips. Since all transactions in Cuba are in cash -- no American
credit cards or traveler's checks are accepted -- there's no expense
paper trail.

To book flights on Cubana de Aviacion from Nassau (about $ 186
round trip), contact Majestic Tours, 242-328-0387; from Cancun
(about $ 175), contact Divermex, 011-52-98-842325; and from Toronto
(about $ 370), contact Cubana, 416-967-2822.

TOUR GROUPS: Here's a sampling of companies that can arrange
travel to Cuba.

* Marazul Tours. This New Jersey-based company organizes
special-interest tours and individual travel for those with OFAC
licenses. Information: 800-223-5334 or www.marazultours .com.

* Center for Cuban Studies. This nonprofit group, based
in New York, specializes in authorized academic/educational tours,
but it can also arrange individual travel. Information: 212-242-0559
or www.cubaupdate.org.

* Global Exchange. This nonprofit educational organization,
based in San Francisco, has taken about 5,000 visitors to Cuba
on educational tours over 10 years. It's not licensed to do so,
but no one in its groups has ever been fined or detained. Information:
415-255-7296 or www.globalexchange.org.

* Last Frontier Expeditions. An Aruba-based firm with offices
in Boulder, Colo., it arranges hosted sports tours for Americans.
Information: 303-530-9275.

* Caribbean Music and Dance. Based in St. Louis, this group
specializes in OFAC-licensed music and dance tours. Information:
314-542-3637.

* Wings of the World. With offices in Toronto and Buffalo,
this Canadian company caters to U.S. travelers with fully hosted
tours. Information: 800-465-8687.

* Hola Sun Holidays. Trips organized by this major Toronto
tour operator, which specializes in Cuba, must be booked through
a Canadian travel agent. Information: www.holasunholidays.com.

INFORMATION: The U.S.-Cuba Trade and Economic Council,
212-246-1444 or www.cubatrade.org.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, Color, H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY (4); PHOTOS, B/W, H. Darr
Beiser, USA TODAY (7); Hemingway haunt: Visitors retrace the dashing writer's
steps to La Bodeguita.  Sun, sand, romance: Varadero Beach, two hours from
Havana, lures many foreigners.  Early training: Sometimes a stick will do to
play baseball, the beloved national sport. A typical day in Havana: Passers-by
seem unfazed while a taxidriver makes some emergency repairs on the street,
above;a cigar roller works his craft at La Corona factory, below.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               42 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 7, 1999, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Sweaty cities learn natural ways to chill out Federal study finds comfort in
more trees, reflective roofs

BYLINE: Kevin V. Johnson

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 1272 words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


CHICAGO -- The deadly and noxious effects of urban heat have long
concerned health experts. Not only does urban heat put stress
on humans and animals, but the chemical reactions that produce
smog and ozone -- a form of oxygen (O[-3]) that damages lung tissue
-- speed up as the temperature increases.

Now comes an effort to cool it.

Chicago is one of five cities active in UHIPP -- the Urban Heat
Island Pilot Project -- an Environmental Protection Agency program
designed to test heat-reducing methods and determine their benefits
in improving air quality in different urban environments.

Others cities involved are Sacramento, Salt Lake City, Houston
and Baton Rouge.


"By reducing heat in the city, you're contributing to a better
overall quality of life," says Jeff Luvall, a senior research
scientist at NASA's Global Hydrology and Climate Center in Huntsville,
Ala., who has studied similar problems for 14 years.

UHIPP was launched in 1997, when the EPA asked Luvall and NASA
for help in figuring out ways to reduce urban heat and improve
air quality.

With a bare-bones budget of $ 652,000 for three years, the two
agencies invited three cities to participate -- cities that were
rapidly growing and had strong environmental concerns but either
barely or did not meet federal ozone standards: Baton Rouge, Salt
Lake City and Sacramento.

Chicago and Houston were added this year.

Reducing urban heat naturally saves on air-conditioning costs
and energy use. But cities and states that do not meet ozone standards
have an added incentive: They can postpone or avoid stiff penalties
-- particularly the loss of millions in federal highway funds
-- if they can show they have workable plans to improve air quality.

Simple answers

Reducing urban heat isn't as involved as it may seem.

"Most people don't realize how economical and inexpensive it
is," says Hashem Akbari, head of the heat island group at California's
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory. He has studied heat islands
for 11 years.

The two primary methods of heat reduction amount to planting trees
and increasing the reflectivity of flat surfaces struck by the
sun.

But they can have powerful effects: On a hot, sunny day, for instance,
the temperature of a black roof can easily be 90 degrees hotter
than the ambient air, Akbari says. A lighter-colored roof that
reflects 80% of the sun's rays, however, is likely to be only
25 degrees warmer.

Akbari says a rule of thumb is that every 1% increase in the reflectivity
of a roof results in a 1-degree decrease in temperature. Asphalt
roads can be cooled by applying a veneer of lighter-colored concrete
or by mixing the asphalt with light-colored stones before it is
laid.

And that cooling effect can add up to substantial savings.

A 1997 study of eight Sun Belt cities by the Berkeley Laboratory
found that installing light-colored roofs on metropolitan-area
buildings equipped with air conditioners would result in electricity
and gas savings ranging from $ 8 million annually in the Washington
and Baltimore area to $ 37 million in the Phoenix area.

Trees also can have a powerful effect. A tree with a 15-foot canopy
of leaves, about the size of an orange tree, does triple duty.

First, the shading effect can make the area under the leaves 3
to 4 degrees cooler than air above the tree.

Second, moisture released through leaves into the air as water
vapor lowers air temperature as the tree tries to keep itself
cool.

In a tree with a 15-foot canopy, this evapotranspiration process
can have a cooling effect equal to 14,000 to 28,000 British thermal
units (Btu) per square meter per day, the equivalent of a window
air conditioner that can comfortably cool a 1,500-square-foot
apartment.

Third, the air inside the leaf canopy -- its microclimate -- is
affected because the leaves cool down at night. As they warm up
during the day, they absorb heat from the air.

Measuring the effect

To determine how well such cooling methods work, however, the
UHIPP coordinators first had to know how hot the hot spots in
the test cities were.

Last summer, Luvall outfitted a jet with two cameras that use
sensors originally developed by NASA to study objects in outer
space.

One took regular pictures; the other took thermal pictures.

The jet, flying 16,500 feet above the terrain, made a series of
parallel passes over the downtown areas of the three cities until
it had covered an area about 30 miles on each side, or about 900
square miles.

Luvall divided the areas in the photos into three categories:
exposed parking lots and rooftops; shaded structures, lots and
roofs; and vegetation. Results were as he expected.

For Salt Lake City, on Sept. 15, when the air temperature was
85 degrees, the average temperature of the exposed parking lots
and roofs -- making up 53% of the downtown area -- was 111 degrees.

One of the hottest spots was the black, rubberized membrane roof
of the new courthouse, which sent the mercury to 149 degrees.

In contrast, the white-roofed Delta Center, home of the Utah Jazz
of the National Basketball Association, registered 100 degrees.

In shaded spots -- 38% of the area -- the average temperature
was 93 degrees.

The trees, plants and other vegetation, making up about 8% of
the area, were 83 degrees.

Workable solutions

Since last summer, Luvall and his staff have been analyzing the
thermal pictures by computer and making physical examinations
of the areas to pinpoint the landscape, construction and road-building
designs that are the coolest.

Now, Luvall and EPA officials are explaining the findings to city
planners so they can design projects that factor in heat reduction.

Then it will be up to officials in each city to figure out how
to implement the recommendations, which might be the hardest part.

In Salt Lake City, coordinator Camille Russell says, the state
energy office is working with the city and surrounding areas to
develop ways to encourage contractors to use heat-reduction methods.

Salt Lake officials are formulating an ordinance encouraging developers
of the Gateway, a 700-acre mixed-use area west of downtown, to
use cool roofing materials.

Officials in Sacramento plan to add "several million trees and
several square miles of white and reflecting surfaces" to the
city in the next few decades, says Ray Trethaway of the Sacramento
Tree Foundation, which is involved in the city's UHIPP activities.

An ordinance already requires that parking lots be 50% shaded
within 15 years of being built.

Chicago is revising its city code to encourage developers to use
cool techniques to improve energy efficiency.

The city also might establish a grant program for private property
owners who use similar building or renovation methods.

And Chicago environment commissioner William Abolt says gardens
and other heat-reducing measures will be deployed when city buildings
such as schools and firehouses need roof repairs and when new
ones are built.

Writing the book

Results achieved by these steps could serve as examples for cities
across the nation.

The EPA plans to use the UHIPP findings to develop a Heat Island
Mitigation Guidebook, which will contain model cool ordinances,
case studies of the test cities and other reference data.

Says the EPA's Virginia Gorsevski: "We feel confident these relatively
simple and cost-effective strategies can result in significant
environmental and health-related benefits."

LOAD-DATE: June 07, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Grant Jerding, USA TODAY, Source: Hashem Akbari, head of
the heat island group at the Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Diagram);
PHOTO, B/W, Todd Rosenberg for USA TODAY; Cooling down: Chicago Mayor Richard M.
Daley, left, and environment commissioner William Abolt examine plans to turn
City Hall's roof into a garden to help cool downtown.

TYPE: HEALTH AND BEHAVIOR

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               43 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 13, 1999, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Your own private paradise Stock market windfalls perk up flagging interest in
island ownership

BYLINE: Gary Strauss

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1398 words


Wall Street and Madison Avenue made "Al" the tow-truck driver
an unlikely but proud owner of a private tropical island -- at
least on the TV commercial for Discover Brokerage.

The popular, Emmy-nominated advertisement ended a six-month run
in April after generating plenty of interest for the on-line brokerage
-- and the attention of Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman
Arthur Levitt, who suggested the spot may have created unrealistic
expectations of huge profits from on-line investing.

Yet the tongue-in-cheek ad also appears to be energizing interest
in private-island ownership, according to several real estate
agents who specialize in island sales.

A tenuous correlation? Perhaps. Al's island isn't even real. It's
computer generated. Still, interest in islands -- both developed
and in purer Robinson Crusoe form -- is at its highest level.
Before the ad's debut in September, it appeared to be waning,
agents say.

Cellular telephones, satellites, the Internet and pre-fabricated
homes have made even remote islands palatable. Solar and wind-powered
utility equipment and advances in water purification systems also
have made extended island stays easier and more comfortable.

But the boom is driven more by tech stocks than by technology.
"Clearly, a big influence on sales is how the stock market is
doing," says Farhad Vladi, the world's largest private-island
broker. Vladi has sold 650 islands since 1971. He may sell 35
islands this year.

Despite Wall Street's summer swoon, private-island real estate
values are rising sharply.

"Islands that were selling for $ 900,000 to $ 1 million 12 to 18
months ago are now being sold for $ 2 to $ 3 million," Vladi says.
Of about 125 private islands on the global market, Vladi Private
Islands holds listings on about 100, ranging from a tiny Nova
Scotia spot priced at $ 6,500 to the $ 13.5 million Norman Island
in the British Virgin Islands. Legend has it that Norman was the
inspiration for Robert Louis Stevenson's Treasure Island.Besides
nouveau riche market tycoons, Vladi's clientele has included
actor Tony Curtis, singer Diana Ross and supermodel Claudia Schiffer.

Clearly, there's a certain snob appeal. "I see clients with pictures
in their wallets of their islands, like pictures of daughters,"
Vladi says.

But you don't have to be rich to own an island. In 1994, sisters
Niki and Tina Scheldrup bought small islands on Canada's Rainy
Lake, near International Falls, Minn. Their family had long-owned
50-acre Home Island. Niki, a National Park Service dispatcher,
bought 15 acres on Turkey Island for $ 18,500 at a tax forfeiture
sale. "Private islands aren't just a rich man's fantasy," she
says.

Younger sister Tina, an equestrian instructor from Leesburg, Va.,
spent $ 22,000 for her Rainy Lake island and is putting the finishing
touches on a 1,200-square-foot, $ 60,000 summer cabin. "I saw
the Discovery ad, and I could relate," she says with a laugh.

How does it feel to own a status symbol?

"I love it," she says. "Doesn't it sound neat to say I own
my own island?"

Location, location

As with most real estate, market values are determined not only
by property improvements but location. The Caribbean is hot because
of its warm climate and proximity to the U.S. mainland, says Peter
Briggs of John Foster Real Estate in St. Thomas.

"The market here is stronger than it's ever been," says Briggs,
an agent since 1981. "The majority of it is stock market money.
And quite a bit of it is Internet related."

Virgin Atlantic founder Richard Branson spurred interest in the
British Virgin Islands after buying Necker Island and spending
more than $ 20 million developing it as a vacation spot for the
ultra-rich. Branson is trying to buy a second island, Briggs says.

As an investment, private islands are better than traditional
vacation properties, says George Damianos of Damianos Realty in
the Bahamas. For one thing, there's a finite supply -- only about
3,000 private islands globally. Most remain in family or private
ownership for decades. "People continue to look for privacy,"
Damianos says. "The richer they are, the more they value it and
want to lay back and enjoy some time out."

Damianos' priciest listing is Little Pipe Cay, a 40-acre island
30 miles east of Nassau. At a cool $ 9 million, it comes with a
four-bedroom house, three-bedroom guest house, caretaker's house
and private beaches. Little Pipe was purchased and developed in
the 1980s by a Chicago commodities trader. Like other island real
estate agents, Damianos refuses to disclose owners' identities.

"One of the main reasons people buy an island is to have a place
where they can control their environment," Briggs says. "They
want their loved ones to be safe and secure."

Other hot island markets are off Scotland and Ireland, some peppered
with ancient castles. "A few years ago, there were 10 to 15 Scottish
islands for sale," Vladi says. "Now, you can't find a decent
one, mainly because of the prosperity in the London stock market."

Still, markets near Australia and New Zealand have been crimped
by the long slide in Japanese stocks and, more recently, the Asian
financial crisis. That's also created some bargains. New Zealand
has permitted foreign ownership only since 1996, so prices are
relatively inexpensive. Vladi recently purchased a 2,000-acre
island off southern New Zealand.

Political and economic instability in South America and Central
America has crimped demand and prices to as little as one-third
that of comparable Caribbean islands, Vladi says.

Lagging U.S. market

Surprisingly, some showcase U.S. properties long on the market
continue to languish, in part because of their location and perhaps
because they were overpriced.

Galloo Island, which was on the market earlier this year for $ 9
million and as recently as 1996 for $ 10.8 million, will be sold
to the highest bidder Aug. 26. One of the biggest privately held
islands in North America, 4 1/2-mile-wide Galloo, on Lake Ontario
near Watertown, N.Y., features a four-bedroom farmhouse, hunting
lodge, equestrian facilities, two boats, a prop-engine plane and
an airstrip that can handle corporate jets. A Swiss consortium,
which used the island as a family vacation spot, is the current
owner.

"This is a world-class piece of property, but we've had maybe
100 inquiries," says William Bones, president of National Auction
Group, the Gadsen, Ala., real estate auctioneer that opened Galloo
to prospective buyers Thursday.

"That's way below what we expected. I'm surprised we haven't
attracted more New York City types."

Island fixer-upper

Jordstadt Island, six acres on the St. Lawrence Seaway near Chippewa
Bay, N.Y., features a furnished 17-bedroom, five-story gothic
castle. Jordstadt's price dropped from $ 10 million to $ 4.5 million,
then to $ 3.9 million.

The island, owned by an evangelical group since the 1970s, is
under contract for $ 2.5 million, says Evelyn Framer of Miami Beach-based
Framer Realty, the island's U.S. listing agent. But real estate
agent Merle Baird-Kerr, who has Canadian listing rights to the
property, says the long-delayed deal could sputter, and Jordstadt
could fetch as little as $ 2 million.

Built for a Singer Sewing CEO in 1896, Jordstadt Castle may be
best described as a fixer-upper, Baird-Kerr says. The castle needs
at least $ 1 million in renovations.

Maintenance expenses for private islands with far more modest
homes than the Jordstadt Castle can easily run $ 100,000 or more
a year. Food and other supplies have to be brought in by boat
or plane and garbage and other flotsam barged out.

Most island real estate agents recommend prospective buyers do
some extended due diligence before plunking down money for an
island, especially if they've just begun thinking about it after
seeing the Discover ad.

"A private island is a romantic ideal, but once people realize
how difficult it is to build on one and maintain it, only a handful
are serious buyers," says Mike Lightbourn of Coldwell Banker/Lightbourn
Realty in Nassau.

"Most people don't have a clue about what they're getting into.
If you're starting from scratch, you've got a long way to go to
paradise."

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color; PHOTO, Color; PHOTO, B/W; For sale: Laucala Island in
Fiji is one of 125 private islands on the real estate market. Farhad Vladi would
be happy to sell it to you. Island king: Farhad Vladi, the world's largest
private-island broker, has sold 650 islands since 1971. He may sell 35 this
year. Fixer-upper: Jordstadt Island in the St. Lawrence Seaway has a 17-bedroom,
five-story castle built in 1896. The six-acre island is a bargain at about $2
million, but the castle needs about $1 million in renovations.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               44 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 20, 1999, Monday, FINAL EDITION

From sports event to business event Automakers shoot for loyalty gold

BYLINE: Marco R. della Cava

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 832 words

DATELINE: MONZA, Italy


MONZA, Italy

Backstage before the Sept. 12 Italian Grand Prix, and the living
truly is easy.

A bejeweled crowd jams the paddock area, home to 11 Formula One
racing teams and their cappuccino-machine-toting trailers painted
shocking shades such as Ferrari red or Jordan yellow.

Over at the Team Mercedes compound, a hushed murmur and camera
flashes greet a smiling redhead commonly known as Fergie, the
Duchess of York.

Two car-lengths away, Jacques Villeneuve, sporting spiked, bleached
hair and orange sunglasses, stops to sign an autograph, looking
more like a rock singer than a race car driver.


Just then, Piero Ferrari, the legendary Enzo Ferrari's son and
normally a top auto world draw, is hustled aside so a short man
with long gray bangs can walk by, flanked by models. This is Bernie
Ecclestone, grand poobah of Formula One. This is his world, glamorous,
sexy and high profile -- a place where international automakers
increasingly want to be seen.

"It's the Rolex of racing, highly priced and socially elite,"
says Jackie Stewart, former Formula One champion and owner of
Stewart Racing, which recently was acquired by Ford. "Here you've
got all the heavies of Europe, from (Fiat patriarch Gianni) Agnelli
to monarchs. There's a rare air about it." It is a decidedly
different world than that of U.S. auto racing, supported by a
more down-home, beer-drinking crowd often in the market for American
iron seen flashing around high-banked NASCAR turns.

As more automakers enter the F1 sweepstakes, race day threatens
to transform from a sporting event to a business event resembling
a small auto show.

"Top CEOs are now attending races, which feature upscale hospitality
sponsored by manufacturers," says Mark Jenkins of Britain's Cranfield
School of Management, who has been researching Formula One trends
for the past three years.

"The reason is simple. As production costs are driven down, the
real growth in shareholder value is brand differentiation," he
says. "F1 provides a truly global shop window that allows automakers
to showcase their luxury car roots."

Ford recently announced that it would change the name of Ford-Stewart
Racing to Jaguar Sports, a move to capitalize on Jaguar's sporting
history while at the same time luring suitably impressed buyers
into Jaguar showrooms.

"Look at these grandstands and that sea of red Ferrari hats,"
says Neil Ressler, Ford's chief technical officer. "We want to
produce the same emotional attachment to Jaguar as you see with
Ferrari today. I suspect BMW and DaimlerChrysler are looking for
the same thing."

He adds a telling point. The passion for Ferrari cars and merchandise
is at fever pitch even though the team hasn't won an F1 championship
title since the '60s.

"Imagine if they won," he says.

Winning at this game takes money, at least $ 100 million for a
season. Where does it go? Star driver salaries aside, much of
it is on evidence in the pits.

At the Ford-Stewart compound just off Monza's main straightaway,
the countdown to the green light has begun. The scene is more
Star Wars than car wars.

Surrounded by a crew of 80 headset-equipped technicians, drivers
Johnny Herbert and Rubens Barrichello are strapped in, peering
up at flat-screen Hewlett-Packard computer monitors registering
practice lap times.

Behind them, a crew of Visteon telemetry specialists analyze their
cars' every bump and breath via nearly 100 computer monitors.

On the grid race day, the green light sends the drivers on their
warm-up lap. The noise is otherworldly. Deafening is only the
beginning.

"Indy has never heard a sound like that," says Stewart, referring
to the shrieking noise coming from the high-revving F1 power plants.

It proves a good day for Ford-Stewart, as Barrichello pushes his
way to a fourth-place finish. At the Ford-Stewart hospitality
trailer, champagne makes the rounds.

One man stands off to the side. He once was at the center of all
this.

"It's ultrabig business now, so I suppose some of the romance
is gone," says Phil Hill, who in 1961, with a victory here at
Monza behind the wheel of a shark-nosed Ferrari, became the first
American-born world driving champion.

Nevertheless, he's bullish on F1's chances in the USA. Proof is
that he is here as star attraction of Grand Prix Tours, an Orange
County, Calif.-based company that arranges trips for U.S. aficionados.
Nearly 150 have made it to Monza.

"Times change, and the fences that once made this sport a 'them
and us' kind of thing have evaporated," Hill says.

"Like our growing interest in soccer, I think F1 will catch on.
The world is a smaller place than it was years ago."

And the world of Formula One is a lot less humble.

Years ago, Hill often drove his own race car home after a contest.
After today's F1 races, be you driver, celebrity or royalty, you
get in line. For your helicopter.



LOAD-DATE: September 20, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Genevieve Lynn, USA TODAY (MAP); PHOTOS, B/W, Alberto
Pessaschiar, AP (2); Driver or rock singer? Jacques Villeneuve in Monza, Italy.
Day at the races: Sarah Ferguson, Duchess of York, turns out for a race.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               47 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 18, 1999, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Autos 2000: It's a car. No, it's a truck. Uh... It looks like a truck, drives
like a truck, but it could be a car

BYLINE: James R. Healey

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 1312 words

DATELINE: WARREN, Mich.


WARREN, Mich. -- The distinction between cars and trucks is blurring
fast as automakers develop hard-to-categorize vehicles meant to
combine the cargo space and high seating of trucks with the agility
and refinement of cars.

Automakers are trying to find the next hot niche, now that minivans
are passé, and so many sport-utility vehicles are flooding
the market that they're not distinctive any more and often require
rebates to keep sales strong.

But perhaps as important as inventing something nobody else has
is the opportunity to sell more vehicles that fit the government's
definition of trucks, thus escaping cars' more-stringent and
expensive-to-achieve
fuel-economy, safety and pollution regulations.

Automakers must meet an overall fleet average of 27.5 miles per
gallon for cars, compared with 20.7 mpg for trucks.


Federal restrictions on what can be called a light truck are modest,
mainly dealing with whether the vehicle has a flat-load -- or
cargo -- floor, and with wheel, bumper and body-panel angles and
alignments that determine how deep a ditch or steep a hill it
can handle.

Folding or removable seats can create the flat-load floor.

Wheels close to the ends of the vehicles and slightly raised bodies
generally provide the needed ground clearance.

General Motors, the biggest car company, previewed so-called concept
cars here last week -- mainly via 3D at its virtual reality studio
and described elsewhere on this page -- that will be unveiled
on the 2000 auto-show circuit, beginning in January.

While regular-production versions of the concept cars could differ
-- if they go into production -- most displayed here appeared
to fit the federal definition of trucks, even some that looked
like, and would be marketed as, cars.

And the ones that obviously were trucks were designed to appeal
in various ways to those who customarily buy cars.

Though the GM exhibition made the point most dramatically, the
company hardly is alone.

The auto-show season is expected to be marked by a numbing number
of models from other makers that will appeal to car buyers, yet
could be classified as trucks.

"We're developing packaging. Whether it qualifies as a car or
a truck doesn't really drive the development," says Wayne Cherry,
GM design chief.<>

Chevrolet SSR

It's a real truck, based on full-size pickup underpinnings. But
it sits low. It would come with a powerful 6-liter, V-8 engine
and would have suspension parts from Chevy's Camaro and Corvette
for sports-car handling.

Presented as a roadster, the SSR sports a folding hardtop to tempt
the two-seater and convertible fans. Its name incorporates Chevy's
fiercest car moniker: SS. And, unlike on a pure pickup, the SSR's
cargo bed is not a separate piece from the passenger compartment.
Though a divider defines the passenger and cargo areas, the body
is continuous from nose to tail, evoking the Chevy El Camino and
Ford Ranchero car-pickups of the 1960s and '70s.

Saturn CV1

GM's friendly brand, already about to launch a sport-utility vehicle,
is looking beyond that toward a blend-mobile. It looks like a
tall, squarish car or wagon or mini-minivan. It sounds like a
truck: The rear seat slides and folds to create a flat-load floor;
bi-fold doors, instead of sliding or normally hinged units, "make
it easy to load bulky items," Saturn says. The stubby body minimizes
overhangs and could contribute to meeting the truck definition.

Jump seats fold down from the backs of the front seats to carry
two extra children, in addition to the five other passengers.
Gauges are centered in the dashboard, which studies say makes
them easier to read with less refocusing when glancing from the
road. Safety harnesses somewhat like those in race cars replace
conventional lap-shoulder belts in the front seats.

Buick LaCrosse

Not a truck element anywhere, you might think from the LaCrosse's
voluptuous appearance. But look again. There's a tailgate that
lowers. The back portion of the roof slides forward to create
an open, pickup-style, flat cargo bed -- just in case you find
that rare, 17th century armoire while cruising the antique-besotted
back roads of Virginia, for instance.

Buick wants to return to its glory days and offers LaCrosse as
one way it might get there. The big sedan features the massive
chrome grille and hood portholes that once distinguished Buicks
from all other cars. And it once again makes a V-8 engine available
in a Buick.

Cadillac 2000 Concept

This is a phony name, to be replaced with a better one when the
car makes its debut at next year's Geneva auto show. Meant to
be either chauffeur- or owner-driven, the big four-door has four
individually adjustable seats. The interior is awash in information
and entertainment screens and controls. Cadillac's Night Vision
would be standard, along with an array of traction and stability
systems and computer-controlled suspension.

GMC Terradyne

The Terradyne has in-your-face truckishness, but it's outfitted
with luxury-car features such as mobile-office gear, including
a laptop computer and 115-volt outlets for appliances.

The cargo box has a sliding extension so it can be lengthened
to 8 feet from the standard 6 1/2. A built-in generator is said
to supply enough power to run an entire home.

Opel CVC

Even GM's German brand is truckish. The mini-minivan has four-wheel
drive and multiple storage bins and load configurations. Cup holders
and a console box are heated, providing warm-up opportunities
after snow sports. Those are enabled by the toboggan built into
the inside of the rear hatch.

Chevrolet Traverse

Presented as a tall, squarish car -- a five-passenger, four-door
sedan that might fit somewhere between Malibu and Impala -- Traverse
is a Chevy S10 compact pickup in drag.

Not only does the concept car use that truck's frame and powertrain,
but development engineers envision the same underpinnings in a
production model. Small pickups are low-profit models. If their
hardware also can be used for other models, it enhances profit
potential and keeps costs low.

Traverse uses a V-6 engine similar to S10's, an all-wheel-drive
system like the one in GM's Oldsmobile Bravada sport-utility vehicle,
and instead of a trunk, has a bed-like cargo area behind the rear
seats. Those back seats move fore or aft up to 7.5 inches, and
they fold to give a longer cargo area. Because Traverse is based
on S10 architecture, it passes the trucker's litmus test: a 4-by-8-foot
sheet of building material can be laid flat inside, though the
tailgate would have to remain open.

Pontiac Piranha

A sporty car by design, this radical machine's credentials can
make it sound equally like a truck: folding, removable seats to
create a flat-load floor; rubber floor covering for hose-out convenience
after carrying dirty cargo; drop-down, pickup-style tailgate.

To lure the Generation X and Echo-boom buyers -- roughly anybody
with a down payment born after 1964 -- Piranha has upholstery
panels that can be removed, swapped for different ones, dyed,
painted, graffiti-ized or otherwise customized to the owner's
tastes. Stubby rear doors were inspired by the rear-access door
on Saturn's three-door coupe.

Oldsmobile Profile

This is definitely a car in appearance and hardware, but not without
key truck attributes, such as flat-folding seats. Shorter than
the Intrigue midsize sedan but wider, Profile is a technology
showcase.

It envisions satellite links to the Internet and would have a
filtered e-mail system that delivers only from senders you choose.
Voice-operated controls and navigation via global positioning
satellites would guarantee never a moment for daydreaming or an
original thought.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, Color, General Motors (10)

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               48 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 20, 1999, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Women re-engineer view of change Female perspective starts with needs, looks for
solutions

BYLINE: Elizabeth Weise

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 1432 words

DATELINE: SANTA CLARA, Calif.


SANTA CLARA, Calif. -- Would technology look different if women,
rather than men, were doing the designing? According to a group
that met recently in the heart of Silicon Valley, it would --
and the following items might be available at the local Circuit
City:

* Smoke detectors that can differentiate between a burning
house and burning toast.

* Self-balancing checkbooks.

* Electronic "sniffers" in Tupperware that can tell when
food has gone bad.

Unfortunately, those products aren't for sale, and one of the
reasons is that most consumer technology is designed by men. According
to Anita Borg, who in 1997 founded the Palo Alto, Calif.-based
Institute for Women and Technology, that's a problem.


"Guys think, 'Here's this cool technology; what can we do with
it?' What we need is a 'Here's something we need; how do we get
there?' mind-set," she says.

Borg, 50, spent 12 years at Digital Equipment as a research scientist
before moving to a research position at Xerox's Palo Alto Research
Center. Long an advocate of women in computing, Borg founded the
Systers List, a mailing list for women in technology, in 1987.
In 1994 she created the yearly Grace Hopper Celebration of Women
in Computers, the first technical conference for women.

Her latest push toward making technology more meaningful to women
is a series of "Technology in Support of Families" workshops
at four universities around the country. They're meant to encourage
young women's involvement in the design process and to push the
ideas generated into the product domain. The project is being
funded by Xerox, Hewlett-Packard and Sun Microsystems.

The sessions pull together a mix of 30 or so female engineering
students, women from the surrounding community, and female engineers
and technologists. They spend two days doing "blue-sky" brainstorming
about what would make their lives easier.

At the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Purdue, Texas
A&M and Santa Clara universities this fall, the workshops
produced a long list of possibilities. Students have all year
to work on prototypes; they'll gather next summer to discuss what
they created.

But it's not meant to be simply an academic exercise, Borg says.
"This is a huge market. The idea is to get these things made."
To that end, all the concepts generated at the workshops are posted
on the institute's Web site (www.iwt.org) so that anyone can make
use of them free of charge.

A recent survey by Forrester Research indicates there's a market
for products designed with women and families in mind. Even though
men and women are as likely to buy technology now, that doesn't
mean what they're buying is what they'd really like, says analyst
Ekatarina Walsh. "There's tremendous potential," says Walsh,
who studies how different groups buy and use technology. "Women
just make do with what's there."

Female thinking is making inroads. Minivan cup holders that also
fit juice boxes and trunk hooks that hold plastic grocery bags
are among small but significant gains in the auto industry, traditionally
geared to men.

Male engineers might miss such details, says Jim Morgan of Texas
A&M. When he assigned an engineering class the task of designing
a car with women in mind, some of the male students just didn't
take it seriously. "One of the teams couldn't get past the idea
that there would need to be more vanity mirrors," he says. "Every
feature (they designed) was a useless addition to the car."

That wouldn't be the case with the 27 women in Santa Clara who,
fueled by the usual fruit, cheese and crackers, plus bowls of
M&M's and candy corn, spent a recent weekend designing tech
for women.

While some ideas contradicted the law of gravity (a "flying book"
that would find you when you called), most were technologically
feasible and useful -- if at times unorthodox.

"OK, now don't laugh," says Elizabeth Barron, a political science
and women's studies major. "You know the style now is these really
form-fitting tube tops? But you hate it when there's like a cold
wind and suddenly the guys can see everything."

"Right, right," another woman breaks in. "And you have to go
around with your arms crossed over your chest until you warm up."

"Yeah," says Barron, 20. "So I think they should make a bra
that's got a little built-in heater, so no matter how cold it
was, you don't have any problems."

The women nod, acknowledging that it's a real issue, one technology
could solve. The proposed "nipple-warmer" goes up on the lists
of potential products posted on the walls.

Women aren't the only ones who think technology would be different
if both sexes were equally involved in its development. Ioannis
Miaoulis, dean of engineering at Tufts University in Medford,
Mass., says female students tend to look at technology in terms
of how it fits into people's lives, while male students see it
abstractly.

The Tufts engineering department has set a goal of enrollment
parity between the sexes. Currently, about 30% of its undergraduates
are women, compared with 19% nationally, and 16% of its faculty
are women, while the national average is 4%.

The same disparity applies in computer science, Borg says. The
peak for women's participation was in 1984, when women received
37% of the degrees granted, according to the National Science
Foundation. That figure has since dropped to 27.5%, according
to Department of Education figures.

Their future participation is crucial, Borg says. "The technology
we're building today may well have more impact on people's lives
than government does in the next 25 to 30 years. The impact is
going to be so significant that we can't just leave it up to a
very small slice of the population."


'Nags' and 'windows' for families

While the ideas from the four workshops are wide-ranging, three
similar ideas kept appearing.

The first was a family planner that acts like an all-seeing housekeeper.
Jim Morgan at Texas A&M, where a September workshop was held,
thinks it would be perfect for dual-career families.

"I need a calendar that keeps track of my and my wife's schedules
and both our daughters," he says, "so when both of us have something
and they have something, it becomes obvious that something has
to change. It might ask me, 'Who's picking up Sarah?' "

The second is a health-monitoring system to keep track of doctor's
appointments and inoculation schedules for the family, with a
built-in "nag" feature. It would incorporate a sensing device
that would require only a hand on a metal plate to check temperature,
blood pressure, oxygen saturation and heartbeat -- all of which
would be immediately uploaded to the doctor.

The third is a "rich distance virtual community": a wall-size
display panel that when not in use would take on the surrounding
wall color and when turned on would link to any other home.

"It would look almost like a window into the other house," says
Zulah Eckert of Hewlett-Packard. "You could turn it on and have
dinner with your parents in another state, each on your side of
the wall, talking back and forth. Or you could hang out with your
best friend across town while cooking dinner." The wall would
include a scanner/printer, so that homework, letters and other
hard copy could be sent, as if being passed from room to room.

Among other workshop ideas:

* Sensors that measure particulate matter in the air and tell
you to close the windows if pollen levels are high, or issue an
alert if, for example, dangerous amounts of lead dust from old
paint are present in your home.

* Keyless home entry through voice recognition or thumbprints,
so kids wouldn't have to worry about losing keys.

* A camera with a Global Positioning System link and a compass
attached to the auto-focus feature, so that each picture would
come with an exact location attached. No more "mystery pictures."

* A sound filter for the hard-of-hearing that removes background
noise from TV soundtracks, leaving only the voices.

* "Smart pipes" and "smart gutters" embedded with tiny, inexpensive
sensors that warn of leaks or near-freezing temperatures or about
being clogged.

* A photograph-handling system. A shoe box full of old photographs
could quickly be sent through a small scanner, which would be
voice-enabled so each image could be annotated just by saying,
"This is Mom and Dad in New York in 1956." The images could
then be printed, e-mailed or shared on the Web.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, B/W, Fred Mertz for USA TODAY (2);; GRAPHICS, B/W (GRAPHIC, 2);
Engineering for life: Anita Borg of Xerox's Palo Alto Research Center leads
Cheryl Converse-Rath, left, and Elizabeth Barron in brainstorming. Seeking
solutions: Hewlett-Packard's Zulah Eckert, gesturing, and student Sonali Kochar
discuss technology ideas at a workshop of engineering students and engineers in
Santa Clara, Calif.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               50 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 26, 1999, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Protesters will deluge Seattle trade meeting

BYLINE: Patrick McMahon

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 613 words

DATELINE: SEATTLE


SEATTLE -- Mike Dolan, an irrepressible cheerleader for critics
of the World Trade Organization meeting that starts here next
week, stood before the TV cameras guaranteeing "a full week of
fun."

With Seattle Mayor Paul Schell at his side, Dolan promised marches,
teach-ins, rallies, galas, concerts and peaceful and non-violent
protest open to everyone. "My message to the good people of Seattle
is, 'Come on down.' "


As campaign director of Ralph Nader's Global Trade Watch, Dolan
wanted to ease concerns here as 7,500 WTO delegates and thousands
of corporate executives, lobbyists, and activists begin converging
this weekend on Seattle.

The ministers are gathering to launch a multiyear round of trade
talks. Opponents blame the WTO and business globalization for
eroding human rights and labor, environmental, food and product-safety
standards. They say trade liberalization concentrates power in
corporations.

The mayor, eager to steer the city calmly through a contentious
week, said: "Seattle cares about free trade, but Seattle also
cares about human rights and about the environment. We have a
tremendous opportunity to listen and learn."

Seattle's trademark rain is forecast; Christmas shopping is under
way; hundreds of events are scheduled; traffic is already clogged.

As city leaders cope with competing demands for security and free
expression, anxieties are running high.

The four-day meeting begins Tuesday at the downtown convention
center.

President Clinton is expected, trade ministers and other leaders
from 135 member nations will be on hand and Cuba's Fidel Castro
is officially a "maybe." He is scheduled to speak at the University
of Washington, and Cuban-Americans are calling for his arrest.

Look also for Cabinet secretaries, Congress members, Jesse Jackson,
Ralph Nader, AFL-CIO President John Sweeney and Reform Party presidential
candidate Pat Buchanan to be among the better-known faces in the
crowd.

Even so, the protesters might steal the show.

Some vow "Gandhi-style peaceful non-violence" to shut down the
meeting before it starts. Others fear that more direct action
and any subsequent arrests will distract the media, mute their
messages and turn off the Seattle residents they hope to attract.

City officials, meanwhile, worry that plans for massive civil
disobedience could get out of hand. Hundreds of police officers
have learned how to handle protesters with care. "We're going
to kill them with kindness," said Ed Joiner, WTO operations chief
for the police.

 Noting that next week's meeting is the largest-ever trade summit
on U.S. soil, Ron Judd of the AFL-CIO's Kings County Labor Council
said: "We won't get an opportunity like this again in our lifetime."

National labor leaders will lead a downtown march Tuesday that
could draw as many as 20,000 people. While pledging to be peaceful,
Judd said, "We want to be loud, because we want to be heard.

Han Shan, 27, WTO action coordinator for the Berkeley, Calif.-based
Ruckus Society, said activists are determined to shut down the
WTO meeting Tuesday. The Ruckus Society helps train activists
for civil disobedience and direct action. The activists pledge
to forgo violence. They also pledge not to carry weapons, not
to bring or use alcohol or illegal drugs and not to destroy property.

"We're not only non-violent, we're about stopping violence"
against workers, the poor and the world's forests, said David
Solnit of the Art and Revolution Theater Group, street theater
artists. In a city known for its artistic spirit, Solnit has promised
a "festival of resistance."



LOAD-DATE: November 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, b/w, Dan Levine, AFP; PHOTO, b/w, AP; Activists' warm-up:
Members of the Ruckus Society of Berkeley, Calif., demonstrate against the World
Trade Organization during Vice President Gore's visit to a senior citizen center
near Seattle on Nov. 15.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               51 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 7, 1999, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Foreign favorites Boy shines in 'Central' role

BYLINE: Claudia Puig

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 8D

LENGTH: 530 words


Central Station owes much of its success to a pair of sneakers.

Were it not for the footwear of director Walter Salles, the filmmaker
might never have encountered one of the film's principal performers,
10-year-old Vinicius de Oliveira, who was employed as a shoeshine
boy.

"Two years ago, this film just came into my mind," says Salles
about his emotional road movie centering on the Brazilian journey
of a motherless boy and a woman who tries to help him find his
father.


For the role of the older woman, Salles knew from the start he
would cast Fernanda Montenegro, one of Brazil's most respected
stage actresses. But the part of Josue, the young boy, was much
tougher.

"For 11 months, we made 1,500 screen tests, and we could not
find the right boy," Salles says. "I went to the Rio airport
one day very early in the morning. It was raining and this shoeshine
boy came up to me and asked if he could shine my shoes. I said
no, because I was wearing sneakers. He said, 'Maybe you could
lend me $ 2 and on your way back from your journey you can find
me here and I promise to pay you back.'

"He had such a wonderful, unforgettable look, such a depth in
the eyes, that I couldn't refrain from asking him to do the film
test."

But young de Oliveira initially resisted.

"He said he didn't know if he could do this because he had never
seen a film before," Salles said. "But we convinced him, and
he did the most wonderful test we had ever seen."

The Brazilian-born Salles, 42, took the young boy under his wing
during the shoot for the $ 2.9 million movie. They traveled over
much of sprawling Brazil in temperatures that reached 110 degrees.

"We drove for more than 3,000 miles in incredible heat with the
whole crew," Salles says. "The idea was to film in places you
had never seen in a movie."

From its inception, Salles says, the film seemed blessed.

In 1996, the Sundance Film Institute established a prize to celebrate
the 100th birthday of cinema. More than 2,000 screenplays were
submitted; Central Station was one of four chosen to receive
a grant as well as shepherding by industry veterans such as screenwriters
Frank Pierson (Dog Day Afternoon) and Joan Tewkesbury
(Nashville).

The story of a hardened former schoolteacher who disdainfully
writes letters for illiterate people in Rio de Janeiro and the
unlikely friendship she strikes up with a homeless boy was one
Salles says he yearned to tell, because it was a story of "changing
the world through the union of two people who are so different."

"I wanted to make a life-affirmative film in which you realized
that no matter how harsh life was, you still had the possibility
to change it," he says. "This was the climate that I was feeling
in Brazil, and therefore those two characters popped up one day
in my mind.

"This is a film you can see on different levels: It can be seen
as a search of a boy for a father he has never met, and it can
also be seen as a woman desperately seeking a second chance.

"The idea is that you have to bond with someone in order to reach
your goals and your dreams."

LOAD-DATE: January 07, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Michael chasles, Sony Picture Classics; Oscar-bound? Walter
Salles directs Fernanda Montenegro and Vinicius de Oliveira.

TYPE: SHOW

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               52 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 7, 1999, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Visiting teams face tough road Crowd noise can tilt field in many ways

BYLINE: Richard Weiner

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 7C

LENGTH: 1195 words


As if the injury-depleted Miami Dolphins don't have enough to
worry about Saturday in Denver, trying to get their first NFL
playoff win on the road since 1973.

The Dolphins, only 3-5 away from Pro Player Stadium this season,
must deal with: an extreme climate change in chilly Denver; loyal
fans who literally shake Mile High Stadium, where the Broncos
rarely lose; and elevation that causes even the most highly trained
visiting athlete to suck for air by the fourth quarter.

And now this: Denver coach Mike Shanahan, in addressing how home-field
advantage dominated the NFL this season, says some visiting coaches
can't even make it from the sky box, across the field and into
the locker room. Some are not in good enough shape to battle the
thin air at antiquated Mile High, where there is no elevator.
Therefore, visiting coaches must walk down two ramps, a steep
flight of stairs and then all the way across the field just to
get to the locker room -- and then back again, with minutes to
spare, during intermission.

"We get some coaches who won't even come down at halftime,"
Shanahan says.

Talent still the key

That, of course, is not the main reason the Broncos are a daunting
31-3 at home in four seasons under Shanahan. Talent, especially
with John Elway and Terrell Davis on offense, enabled the defending
Super Bowl champion Broncos to capture home-field advantage throughout
the AFC playoffs.

Yet, Shanahan's revelation is one of those little-known factors
that add up to a stunning NFL home-field advantage trend, as new
stadiums have become the rage and attendance records shatter across
the nation.

Half of the playoff teams -- Minnesota, Denver, Atlanta and San
Francisco -- still are undefeated at home entering the divisional
round this weekend. The Vikings and Falcons are trying to become
the first dome teams to qualify for the Super Bowl. Only one current
playoff team -- the Arizona Cardinals -- won on the road during
the opening round.

"Home-field advantage is a real thing," says coach Steve Mariucci,
whose 49ers are 18-1 in his two seasons at 3Com Park. "It's legit.
There's something about not having to get on an airplane. There's
something about the crowd noise, when (the opponent) has the ball.
There's something about a certain routine that you follow, that
you are comfortable with."

The 49ers, already the NFL's most-traveled team thanks to the
NFC "West," where their shortest flight is to St. Louis, play
Saturday in Atlanta. The 49ers (13-4), once unbeatable away from
home, are 0-4 against winning teams on the road this season.

It is a common problem: The Broncos (14-2) and Falcons (14-2)
suffered their losses on the road. The Vikings (15-1) also suffered
their setback on the road -- where they allowed more than twice
as many points (203) as they did at the raucous Metrodome (93).

Jacksonville (12-5) was 0-3 against winning teams on the road
during the regular season. Arizona (10-7) was 0-2. In fact, the
Cardinals, using a no-huddle offense to negate the crowd noise
inside Texas Stadium, posted their first victory against a winning
team all season by upsetting Dallas last weekend in the wild-card
round.

Jets break the mold

Of the current playoff teams, only the New York Jets (12-4) bucked
the trend. The Jets, who host Jacksonville on Sunday, have won
seven in a row at the Meadowlands. The Jets also went 4-2 against
winning teams on the road -- making them a popular pick to win
at Denver if both advance.

For years, coaches have plotted with executives to create home-field
advantage; Packers GM Ron Wolf says that was one of the first
things he talked about after hiring Mike Holmgren. When the Vikings
won at Lambeau Field in October, it halted the Packers' 25-game
winning streak at home (29 including postseason) -- the second
longest in NFL history.

Denver's win vs. Green Bay in Super Bowl XXXII was one of only
four instances when both teams qualified for a Super Bowl without
home-field advantage. Thirteen of the last 20 Super Bowl winners
had home-field advantage in the playoffs. The NFL playoffs alternated
sites before 1975.

Says Shanahan: "Any time you go into an opposing stadium, the
crowd is a factor. I can think of just this year, the game we
lost to Miami (31-21 on Dec. 21). We had four offside penalties
(because of) crowd noise. That's a big advantage."

There was a time when players looked forward to going on the road
for big games, avoiding distractions at home.

The 49ers, for instance, took on an aura of a Rolling Stones tour
while setting an NFL record by winning 18 consecutive on the road
between 1988-91. Opponents were intimidated the moment Joe Montana,
Ronnie Lott, Jerry Rice and the rest stepped onto the field, which
partially explains why the 49ers fell just short of winning three
consecutive Super Bowls during that streak.

Now, as 49ers safety Merton Hanks puts it: "I'll tell you what.
The later in the season it gets, the tougher the travel is. I
loved the fact that we were at home (last weekend, breaking a
three-playoff-game losing streak to the Packers). We were in familiar
surroundings. We know our field better than anybody else."

Assuming prankster/Pro Bowl guard Kevin Gogan doesn't disconnect
the speakers used on the practice field to simulate the crowd
noise in the Georgia Dome, as he did earlier this season, the
49ers will try to brace for decibel levels that caused the Falcons
themselves to adjust on defense by midseason. Late last month,
the Dolphins had a terrible time with noise at Atlanta.

"All of a sudden, (the Falcons' defense) had noise to deal with
that they hadn't had to deal with in the past," Falcons quarterback
Chris Chandler says. "They had to start making hand signals."

When plans go awry

Because of constant East Coast travel -- the 49ers flew 34,674
miles this season -- they make a habit of getting into an opposing
city two nights before a game.

Yet even the 49ers' storied, first-class traveling style -- wide-bodied
charters, team-chef selected food, police escort beginning at
the tarmac -- could not prevent them from entering the NFL's version
of the twilight zone last month after a loss to New England.

Hoping to save time after playing at Foxboro Stadium, the 49ers
flew out of Providence, R.I. But they sat for an hour. The plane
needed to refuel and landed in Denver -- but sat because of difficulties
in de-icing the wings. In all, the 49ers spent 10 hours in the
plane.

"We could have flown to Europe in that time," Mariucci says.
"That wasn't much fun, having lost a game, just sitting around
thinking about it."

Contributing: Jarrett Bell


Postseason advantage

The Minnesota Vikings (15-1) and defending Super Bowl champion
Denver Broncos (14-2) earned home-field advantage throughout the
playoffs this season. How teams with home-field advantage throughout
the postseason fared since 1988:

Last 10 Super Bowls

Won          6
Lost         5
Both teams   3
Neither team 2

Source: NFL

LOAD-DATE: January 07, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Michael Schwarz, USA TODAY; PHOTO, B/W, Michael Madrid, USA
TODAY; Home in dome: The Georgia Dome, where Jamal Anderson and the Falcons
roam, can be loud and daunting for visiting teams. Atlanta is unbeaten at home
this season. Rocking the house: Boisterous Broncos fans, not to mention the thin
air at Mile High Stadium, can prove intimidating.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               53 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 11, 1999, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Robitaille basks in 500th goal Winger is enjoying life back in L.A.

BYLINE: Kevin Allen

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 11C

LENGTH: 671 words


For the best results with left winger Luc Robitaille, please provide
with water and plenty of sunshine.

Basking in the warmth of the southern California sun and living
near the Pacific, Robitaille, 32, blossomed into a top scorer
with a 49-goal average over eight seasons with the Los Angeles
Kings. Once he moved to harsher climates in Pittsburgh and New
York, he averaged 23 goals a season. Now returned to the Kings,
Robitaille again looks like a 40-goal scorer.


It was fitting that Robitaille become the 27th member of the 500-goal
club Thursday in front of the home fans in Los Angeles. He scored
No. 500 against the Buffalo Sabres to give him 22 this season.

"Maybe the sunshine helps," Robitaille says, laughing. "Everything
is great for me here. My wife is from here. I have a lot of friends
here. People have always treated me well, not that people didn't
treat me well in New York because they did. But since I got here,
everything seems to be clicking."

Good karma aside, Robitaille's resurgence probably has more to
do with restored confidence and ice time than other factors.

It helps that he's back with a team that has a general manager,
Dave Taylor, and a coach, Larry Robinson, who both used to be
his teammate. They knew Robitaille's game better than anyone else
in the league.

"A lot of people don't give him enough credit for how much he's
worked on his skating," Robinson says. "That was the knock on
him. But he's worked hard and taken lessons from instructors.
So he's made a concerted effort. You don't get 500 goals by being
lucky."

He has been called "Lucky Luc," but that has more to do with
his effervescent personality. Fans in Los Angeles took a liking
to the 176st overall draft pick as soon as he beat the odds to
make the Kings' roster in 1986-87.

"The core group of fans here, the 10,000 or 12,000, they have
watched me grow up here," the French-Canadian Robitaille says.
"This is where I learned English. This is where I learned to
be a player."

He says even in his most optimistic moments as a young player,
he didn't think about the 500-goal club. Only a handful in the
club are left wingers.

"For my first five years I just wanted to show I belonged in
the league," Robitaille says.

Robitaille isn't taking his renewed scoring vigor for granted.
Last season, in his first season back in Los Angeles, he managed
16 goals in 57 games. Yet even then, there was a sense he was
more dangerous than he had been in New York.

"They knew what to expect from me right off the bat," Robitaille
says. "But the big thing was getting more ice time. The game
is about creating scoring chances, and you have to be on the ice
more to do that."

Robitaille didn't get any breaks because he played three seasons
with Robinson, although their relationship is different from the
usual coach-player bond.

"There is a side where we understand each (other) because we
played together," Robitaille says. "But I respect that he's
the coach and Dave is the general manager. These are the bosses.
I grew up respecting my coach and general manager. That doesn't
change."

Even though Robitaille has been scoring, he hasn't felt satisfied
season until recently. The injury-hampered Kings are 5-0-1 in
their last six games.

"You look at any team in the league," Robitaille says. "If
they lost their No. 1 center, No. 1 defenseman and their two goalies,
I don't think too many teams would do that great."

When asked what he's thinking about now that he has hit 500, Robitaille
says, "I'm thinking the key is not to stop here."

As one of the top scorers in NHL history, Robitaille's recipe
for filling the net is worth reviewing.

"I feel the pressure to win," he says. "When you play to win,
that's when the goals come. If you play to score, you aren't going
to score too many goals -- because that's when you start thinking.
Every time you starting thinking, you are a second behind and
nothing happens."

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Sam Mircovich, Reuters; Past and present: Marcel Dionne, a
past Kings' star, shakes Luc Robitaille's hand before Saturday's game. Dionne
gave Robitaille the Crystal Star trophy after he scored his 500th goal Thursday.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               55 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 22, 1999, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Winter chill lingers, but gardeners can still dream

BYLINE: Shawn Sell

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 9D

LENGTH: 871 words


The green thumbs of the world are getting a workout of another
sort this month.

January mailboxes always burst with the weight of glossy gardening
catalogs, offering a panoply of perennial and annual flowers,
plants, bulbs, seeds, tools and outdoor accessories to the roughly
38 million U.S. households with gardens.

The weather outside may be frightful, but serious gardeners can't
wait to cozy up to the fire with piles of long-awaited catalogs,
paging through the offerings, circling this hydrangea, dog-earing
that pink snapdragon, vowing to buy that expensive pruner and
just generally sketching, scheming and excitedly planning beautiful
gardens that will bloom in four to five months.

Yes, excitedly. Hard to understand if you don't have the love
of the dirt, but this is a heady, busy time of year for those
who do.


'Cause always, there's something new to covet.

As in any business, trends keep the public interested, and new
cultivars continually sprout in the greenhouse as growers and
breeders plot the hottest new looks to come out of the ground.

Last year it was annuals, those flowering plants that die after
fall's first frost and must be repurchased and replanted every
year, that thrived as the plants of choice. Now, it seems, perennials
-- flowers that bloom year after year but not continually through
the season -- are having their moment in the sun.

"Despite their previous popularity and longevity, perennials
(as a salable group) continue to grow in leaps and bounds," says
horticulturist Doug Welty, merchandise director at Spring Hill
Nurseries in Peoria, Ill. "What people really want are perennials
that act like annuals (i.e., bloom profusely), and it has taken
breeders several years to come up with these."

He's particularly excited about scabiosis, a super-hardy, heat-tolerant,
fragrant flower that blooms continuously from spring to fall.
Both the Pink Mist Scabiosa and the Butterfly Blue Scabiosa are
compact plants, growing a manageable 10-12 inches tall.

At Seeds of Change, an organic seed company based in Santa Fe,
three new marigolds are the talk of the catalog: Top Hat Mix,
featuring double flowers and intricate color patterns; Moonlight,
whose pale yellow blooms glow in the day and radiate light in
early evening; and Day of the Dead, a lush, sweet-smelling bush
imported from Mexico.

"People have begun to understand that texture and mixture is
as important as blooms," Welty says. While the overall theme
for most gardeners is color, he says, many people are combining
all the elements in container gardening -- planting in window
boxes, barrels, or pots from tiny to tremendous -- a trend that
was huge in Europe 10 years ago. "Everybody can do this," Welty
says. "It doesn't take a lot of space, and it's a fine place
to combine annuals and perennials."

Leslie Freytag at Jackson & Perkins, based in Medford, Ore.,
and known for their legendary roses, also gives the nod to container
gardening as a bona fide trend this year, adding that balcony
gardens are the newest variation. Customers are looking for super-fragrant
plants, she says, as well as plants and vegetables for children's
gardens, and more tropical foliage featuring bold reds and oranges.

Foliage is terribly underrated and underused, says Robert Pritchard,
head gardener at Bartholdi Park, part of the U.S. Botanic Garden
in Washington, D.C. "I like to use tropical foliage mixed with
house plants and maybe verbena and petunias," Pritchard says.
"And if you really want a showy, gaudy foliage display, try coleus
cultivars." He recommends a type of canna, called Pretoria, which
he says looks like a yellow spotted zebra -- with orange flowers.

He also likes acalypha, especially a species known as obovita
(copper plant is the common name) for its large leaves featuring
varying shades of copper, ivory and brown. His other favorite
is the sweet potato vine called ipomoea. One variant is known
as Blackie (black and shiny leaves), another is Margarita (it's
lime-colored) and Tri-Color, a smaller tuber in pink, white and
green.

Give them space, Pritchard advises. "We've used them in containers,
and they go berserk in the heat," he says. "They smother weeds
and respond well to shearing if they get too vigorous."

Whatever your preference or needs, gardening catalogs have changed
a bit since the 1800s, when seed catalogs were the only row to
hoe. Full-color photos and detailed descriptions abound, as do
group discounts and quick delivery. Many now offer simple, pre-planned
gardens that come with color-coded plants, numbered with a corresponding
blueprint to follow as you plant.

Others are geared to certain kinds of climates or one-theme gardening
(an all-rose catalog, for example, or one devoted just to bulbs
or wildflowers). Some don't even offer plants, instead presenting
an array of top-of-the-line and hard-to-find gardening accessories
such as custom trellises, tools, boots, gloves and lawn furniture.
Additionally, many have Web sites featuring specific growing or
planting tips, detailed photos and horticultural advice specific
to customers' growing zones.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               56 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 25, 1999, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Lights, cameras and plenty of action Professional football 'storytellers' face
weekly challenge to meet lofty standard

BYLINE: Jarrett Bell

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 1641 words

DATELINE: MOUNT LAUREL, N.J.


MOUNT LAUREL, N.J. -- Casually stroll with Steve Sabol through
the cavernous NFL Films vault, and the critical attributes of
a passionate collector are strikingly evident.

This climate-controlled, 40-by-80-foot vault, with more than 20
million feet of 16-millimeter film in more than 50,000 tin cans,
is where a reel with Red Grange's first touchdown coexists with
Marcus Allen's last score. Where the best of "Joe Cool" is in
proximity to the worst of Average Joes.

There's footage from the 1894 Princeton-Yale game shot by Thomas
Edison. Cans with film, just weeks old, from Randy Moss' superb
rookie season.


Yet like a true connoisseur, Sabol, NFL Films' president and ubiquitous
on-camera host -- whose collections range from old poison bottles
to statuettes of Elvis -- moans about what is missing.

"Nearly the whole history of the sport is in this room," says
Sabol, whose collections range from old poison bottles to Elvis
statuettes. "But tell you what we don't have: There is no footage
available of Jim Thorpe. When you have almost everything, it's
what you don't have."

With Sabol as its contentious leader, what NFL Films clearly has
is presence.

From theme programs, such as NFL Films Presents to team
highlight films, to the emotional, behind-the-scenes detail that
are the nuts and bolts of HBO's Inside The NFL, NFL Films
-- an independently operated arm of the league -- captures the
essence of football like no other visual entity.

As Super Bowl XXXIII approaches, with more than 50 hours of programming
replaying magical moments from previous Super Bowls, perhaps at
no time during the year is that presence more profound.

Whatever happens Sunday between the Denver Broncos and Atlanta
Falcons will be immortalized.

"We're storytellers. Romanticists," says Sabol, whose Super
Bowl XXXIII crew will include 210 cinematographers, sound technicians,
producers and other employees. "The Super Bowl has its heroes
and tradition. What we do is perpetuate that."

In addition to the game, NFL Films' Super Bowl-related work includes
distributing the game to more than 180 countries worldwide, technically
connecting 55 domestic TV stations for its on-site remote broadcasts,
producing "Fox Diaries" (a behind-the-scenes daily tracking
of the teams) for use on Fox's pregame show, shooting football
for the Pro Football Hall of Fame's film, 100 Yard Universe,
and shooting the traditional "I'm going to Disney World" commercial.

"We've been called slick marketers of the league, promoters and
packagers," Sabol says this independently operated arm of the
NFL. "We used to market the game. But our philosophy is the same
as it was 35 years ago: We are people who love to make movies,
love football and want to convey our love for the game to
our audience."

Mission accomplished. Established in 1964 when Steve's father,
Ed Sabol, convinced then-NFL Commissioner Pete Rozelle that the
league needed a motion picture company to record its history,
NFL Films has mushroomed well beyond the role of mere historian.

With its signature, three-quarter speed, slow-motion pictures
capturing the sweat dripping from a lineman's helmet or the laces
on a spiraling football and the intimate sounds, NFL Films has
become one of the league's most popular staples.

With 73 Emmys for outstanding cinematography and sound, it represents
the quintessential standard for sports filmmaking. Super Bowl
XXXIII will mark NFL Films' 7,215th game.

The production line There is no mistaking the status NFL
Films has achieved, evident by the sparkling gold Emmys that adorn
shelves throughout the 100,000 square-foot facility located about
a half-hour's drive from downtown Philadelphia. But there is no
time to rest on laurels.

The videotape of Super Bowl XXXIII will be produced in three days
and ready for distribution less than two weeks after the game.
Through the end of Super Bowl week, 30 producers who have combed
through more than 770 miles of film from this season will put
finishing touches on The Road to the Super Bowl,
which documents the season (Fox, 5 p.m. ET Saturday).

Of course, NFL Films' staff is well-trained to operate under the
pressure of tight deadlines.

During the regular season, after photographers rush from games
on Sunday nights (sometimes aided by a police escort to get from
the stadium to the airport), the film is processed, edited and
logged within hours.

By Monday afternoon, footage is well on its way to being routed
through various departments located within the complex for a multitude
of uses. It can be scripted, scored to dramatic, symphonic music,
voiced over, graphically enhanced -- all in-house, as at the old
Hollywood studios.

Sabol says, "For the Super Bowl, you turn it up a few notches."

Of course, the material NFL Films produces, which could wind up
anywhere from network shows to commercials to music videos, begins
with the cinematographers. They work in sweltering heat, subzero
frost or seemingly unbearable rainstorms, relentless in their
pursuit of the classic shot. Be it from the ground shooting up
or the rafters peering down.

"You never stop trying for it. That's the big challenge," says
Ernie Ernst, 70, in his 26th year at NFL Films. "You're always
thinking."

Ernst's most famous shot is the "Immaculate Reception." The
shot of Pittsburgh Steelers running back Franco Harris running
directly toward his lens after the shoe-top snag of a deflected
pass that won a 1972 AFC playoff game was part luck, much instinct.

After the ball popped out of his shot, Ernst noticed Harris in
the background and held a steady aim with his long lens. "I knew
I had a good shot," he says, "but I had no idea it was going
to be that type of thing."

Yet with the magic of film, Harris' run has been preserved in
classic fashion.

"Film itself has a sense of tradition," Sabol says. "It's made
on silver and it lasts. Videotape deteriorates after 20 years.
Film is about romance, magic and history. Videotape is about sitcoms
and news."

Creative environment NFL Films has grown into much more
than a football fan's ultimate library. With its production capabilities,
it has produced programming and creative services for hundreds
of clients, including NASA, Harley-Davidson and Pearl Jam.

From commercials to industrial films to major motion picture work
and music videos, versatility has become an NFL Films staple.

"We've branched out so much," says Phil Tuckett, vice president
for special projects. "People are continually surprised by that."

Tuckett, who has worked at NFL Films for more than 25 years and
still uses a heavy 600mm camera to shoot game footage, says the
company's culture has been a key ingredient for its success.

"This is the ultimate creative hothouse," he says. "It goes
way back to the way the company was founded by Ed Sabol. The concept
was to create the right atmosphere to allow people to flourish."

Which perhaps explains the Thursday evening gatherings, when Sabol
assembles the staff in the theater in the center of the main building
named after his father for an all-out critique of already-finished
work from the week.

Says Sabol: "Of course, there are quality-control steps along
the way with each producer, but we have a very open environment."

Sabol notes that it was a building superintendent who first suggested
using classical music with football film.

"Some of the best ideas," he adds, "come in the lounge or the
hallway."

Although NFL teams receive royalties from NFL Films, it has never
been a large moneymaker, says Sabol, who estimates the company's
profits amount to be less than one-half of 1% of league revenues.
He says much of the self-supported company's revenues are used
for operating costs.

"We've never had a business plan. Never," Sabol says. "It's
a very unorthodox company. Ten years ago, the NFL hired a management
consultant firm to come down here. The guy spent five days here,
then went back to the commissioner and said, 'There is no way
we could ever restructure this or give any advice. It is unique
and successful. Our suggestion is to leave it alone and don't
change it.'

"It's never been about making money. That separates us from others
because we've been allowed that privilege. There's magic in the
sport, and we're there to reveal it, document it and preserve
it in our film. But basically, we're fans at heart."


THE PLAYS

Top 3 NFL Films touchdown plays

1. Immaculate Reception: Steelers' Franco Harris in a 1972 AFC
playoff game against Oakland.

2. Sea of Hands: Raiders' Clarence Davis in a 1974 playoff game
against Miami.

3. The Wedge: Packers' Bart Starr sneaks in during the 1967 NFL
title game against Dallas.

Top 2 missed shots

1. 1994 -- Beginning of Jerry Rice's 127th career touchdown that
broke Jim Brown's record for career TDs.

2. 1987 -- Minnesota's Wade Wilson's incomplete pass to Darrin
Nelson on fourth down from the Redskins' 6-yard line with 52 seconds
to play in a 17-10 loss in the NFC title game.

NFL FILMS' GROWTH

* Employees in 1964: 4. Employees in 1998: 205.

* Games filmed in 1965: 157. Games filmed in 1998: 251.

* NFL Films has filmed most of sports' major events: the World
Series, NBA Finals, Stanley Cup Finals, tennis' U.S. Open, the
Breeders' Cup, Wimbledon, The Masters.

THE FILM VAULT'S CONTENTS

* More than 20 million feet of 16mm film stored in 50,000 cans

* 1894 Princeton vs. Yale -- shot by Thomas Edison

* 1925 sync sound of the Bears' Red Grange

* 1937 Green Bay Packers -- the first team highlight film

* Every championship game since 1933

* Highlights of every game since 1949

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, Color, Eileen Blass, USA TODAY (2); Eyes of training camp: NFL
Films photographer Howard Neef captures players on the field at the New York
Jets' training camp in July. His film went into the archive and could become a
part of the season-ending 'Road to the Super Bowl.' More than 210 NFL Films
personnel will be involved in the Super Bowl productions this week.  Building
the data base: From left, Brian Kenton, David Neupauer and Tom Brant log film
footage into the computers at NFL Films' headquarters near Philadelphia.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               57 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 4, 1999, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Ecuador's finances unravel The plan: Raise taxes, slash outlays

BYLINE: Elliot Blair Smith

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 867 words

DATELINE: QUITO, Ecuador


QUITO, Ecuador -- Between rumblings of the Guagua Pichincha volcano
and growing street unrest that threatens violence, Ecuador is
moving to raise taxes and cut spending to repair the impoverished
Andean country's finances.

The alternative could be to become a "baby Brazil" that spins
out of control and expands the emerging-markets crisis northward.

President Jamil Mahuad's austerity program is designed to ease
the country's twin burdens of deficit spending and foreign debt
that emerged when the oil bubble burst two decades ago. Adding
urgency to the government's task are interest rates that hover
near 100% and a national currency, the sucre, that is among Latin
America's weakest. While government negotiations with Congress
continued, a finance official said there was little time to find
a solution.


Meanwhile, Mahuad opens talks today with international lending
agencies in Washington to seek financial aid for the fiscal reforms.
With him are Finance Minister Fidel Jaramillo and Central Bank
President Luis Jacome. The finance minister and the International
Monetary Fund will review macroeconomic goals for 1999. The talks
are part of what could be the design of a credit program for Ecuador,
an IMF spokeswoman says.

The Inter-American Development Bank already has pledged $ 100 million
to support Ecuador's financial reforms. The first money tentatively
is to be paid out at midyear.

However, international aid for Ecuador likely will be contingent
on structural changes in this mercurial mountain country, which,
battered by war, weather and investor flight from emerging markets
worldwide, has one of Latin America's most vulnerable economies
and is least able to surmount the crisis.

El Nino storms wiped out much of the country's banana, coffee
and fishing industries last year, though they are bouncing back.
And the global oil glut hurts the country's petroleum industry,
whose low quality crude fetches $ 7 a barrel, compared with $ 30
a barrel at its peak in the 1970s.

But having loaded up with foreign debt when money was easy, the
government faces two big barriers to resolving its problems:

* It lacks credibility with investors after former governments
fell out of compliance with three different IMF programs earlier
this decade.

* Political capital is hard to come by as the result of
a historical divide between the coastal interests of Ecuador's
largest city, Guayaquil, and mountain people clustered in the
capital, Quito.

Indeed, police throughout Ecuador are bracing for potentially
violent street demonstrations Friday, the two-year anniversary
of Congress' ouster of Guayaquil-born president Abdala Bucaram.
In a country where 62% of the population lives below the poverty
line, the free-spending Bucaram is a populist lightning rod. He
now lives in exile in Panama.

At a time when Ecuador badly needs new investment, business confidence
is slipping, according to a new study by Deloitte and Touche.
The ebb parallels the decline in Ecuador's currency, which lost
47% of its value against the dollar last year in a slide the central
bank manages by selling dollar reserves into the market.

In recent days, the sucre's devaluation moved beyond the bank-set
band as authorities preserved the country's foreign exchange holdings.
Thus, speculation grows that the currency will be sharply devalued
or allowed to float freely.

In an interview, Ecuador Central Bank Director Modesto Correa
San Andres said authorities could review their plans for the currency
as early as next week. "We hope we can maintain the band," Correa
said. But he said triple-digit interest rates punish the economy
and the bank might widen the sucre's trading range if the dollar
doesn't weaken.

For years, the Ecuadorian government has spent more than it collected,
funding the difference with loans. About 41% of the government
budget is spent repaying public debt.

In a plan to slash the fiscal deficit, Mahuad proposed freezing
government salaries, accelerating the privatization of state-owned
energy and telephone assets, overhauling trade tariffs and imposing
a new car tax. Mahuad has congressional support for part of the
package.

In defending higher taxes and spending cuts, Vice President Gustavo
Noboa Beharano told USA TODAY, "The worst tax we could place
on this country is inflation. We have to tame inflation" -- which
in December surged to 48%.

TEXT NEXT TO MAP BEGINS HERE

Ecuador

Population: 11.7 million

Capital: Quito is home to 1.2 million residents. It also sits
at the foot of Rucu Panchincha, a 15,400 ft. volcano.

President: Jamil Mahuad

Climate: Temperature varies from an average 75 degrees in lowlands
to 57 degrees in highlands

Monetary unit: .000138 Sucre = $ 1 US

GDP: $ 44.6 billion (1996); per capital: $ 4,100 (1996 numbers)

Religion: 90% Roman Catholic

Languages: Spanish, Quenchua, Quichua, and other indigenous languages

Main industries: Oil, bananas, shrimp, fish, coffee

Literacy rate: 90% (1995 est.)

U.S foreign direct investment in Ecuador: $ 40 million

Source: USA TODAY research

LOAD-DATE: February 04, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Genevieve Lynn, USA TODAY, Source: USA TODAY research by
Tanayha Beckford (MAP); PHOTOS, B/W, Martin Bernetti, AFP (2); PHOTO, B/W,
Dolores Ochoa, AP; Protest: Anti-government demonstrators stage a peaceful,
symbolic rally near the presidential palace in downtown Quito.  Mahuad:
Ecuador's president.  Jacome: Central bank president.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               58 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 5, 1999, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Harold Prince, steering 'Parade' and Broadway

BYLINE: David Patrick Stearns

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 6E

LENGTH: 925 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK -- Long known for turning thorny subjects into Broadway
musicals, the legendary Harold Prince attempted one of the highest
dives of his career -- and made his greatest artistic splash in
years.

The show is Parade, now at Lincoln Center. The subject
is Leo Frank, a Jewish factory manager in Atlanta who was unjustly
convicted of killing one of his young female employees. It gives
the Broadway musical a big push toward a serious and sophisticated
realm many have long felt to be its proper destination. But that's
not why Prince did it.


Prince knows about the plight of Jews in the South: His Eastern
European forefathers settled there before moving north and experienced
the kind of cultural clash depicted in the show. Also, Prince
was riveted by the idea of Frank and his wife blooming in adversity.
"Their awakening exhilarates me," he said, sitting in his Rockefeller
Center office. "These two totally different, enormous people
emerge."

The moment this starts is staged with typical Prince savvy. In
all the early scenes, Frank and family enter from the sides of
the stage, while the more aggressive forces of bigotry arrive
moving from background to foreground. But when Frank's mousy wife
attends a party to confront the state governor over her husband's
unfair trial, she strides in from the rear of the stage, just
like her adversaries. It's a powerful moment, devised more by
instinct than design.

"Isn't that swell?" the director, who recently turned 71, says
with a childlike smile. "You're talking about the geometry of
the stage, which I'm always thinking about. How it settles on
any given production, I don't know."

Mixed reviews -- which he has had on virtually every important
show -- don't change his feeling that Parade represents
the culmination of everything he has done. But he's the first
to admit that for every instance in which he made Broadway history
-- his 50-plus credits include Cabaret, Company, Follies, A
Little Night Music, Candide, Evita, Phantom of the Opera and
Show Boat -- there are at least as many flops. It's
a process he compares to "puddle jumping."

Though he always begins a show with the best of intentions, only
every other one gets his blood moving. Two recent flops illustrate
the point. Prince loved Whistle Down the Wind but disagreed
with composer Andrew Lloyd Webber on how to fix it, so it closed
before reaching Broadway. His unsuccessful Candide revival
the same year was principally the idea of producer Garth
Drabinsky, and might have arrived without Prince's participation.

Unlike many showmen, he isn't destroyed by flops. That's partly
why he has longevity in a profession that tends to kill people
relatively young, as shown by the early demises of contemporaries
such as Michael Bennett and Bob Fosse.

"I remember saying to both of those people, 'It's just a show.'
I don't mean that quite, but I need to mean it. That's
made it possible for me to go on and on. Also, I have a life outside
directing," he says, referring to his wife, two children and
two grandchildren. "My wife is completely level-headed and smart
and supportive. Many people have chaotic lives outside the theater.
Then, your life is just an extracurricular activity between running
to the theater."

Prince's life outside the theater is so comfortable that he has
survivors' guilt. But that still doesn't explain why he's so willing
to put himself on the line time after time. The seeds of that
stance may be a severe childhood bout with clinical depression.
For all of his earthy energy and upbeat manner, some of that gloom
returns when he's not working.

"I'm easiest to live with when I'm in rehearsal. I'm exhilarated.
I solve problems in my sleep. It's amazing: You go to bed and
let something circulate in your brain and it's solved when you
wake up. But I don't leave myself alone. There's a little demon
in there that rises up and makes me crazy." <HR>

Personal fables and a few facts

When somebody has been so visible as long as Harold Prince, myths
inevitably arise with only a few truths among them. Prince separates
truth from rumor in this hit-and-myth list.

* Prince is so rich that he owns an entire Greek island.

"That's funny! They got the wrong guy. We have a place in the
French Alps. I took up skiing three years ago and I'm absolutely
obsessed. We also have a place in Miami. I love the climate. But
we don't have a Greek island."

* He dislikes choreography. "I might as well 'fess up.
If you're a director/choreographer and you get up against the
wall, the initial impulse is to go with your feet. But if you
started life as a failed playwright, as I did, you go for the
words. I can't solve problems with my feet. And the musical 42nd
Street baffled me."

* All his good ideas came from a 1947 Broadway flop titled
Love Life, written by Alan Jay Lerner and Kurt Weill. "I
saw Love Life. I was an alert young man. I recognized that somebody
was trying something really unusual but that it wasn't working.
But I learned a lot from On the Town, using sophisticated music
to tell a lighter-than-air story. Other important early influences
were cinematic: Citizen Kane and lots of black-and-white German
films."

* He turned down Hello Dolly! because the title song lacked
dramatic motivation. "That one is true."

* He yells a lot. "I lose my temper once a show. But when
the pressure is really on, I get giddy."

LOAD-DATE: February 05, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Todd Plitt for USA TODAY; Impresario Prince: He says
'Parade' is the culmination of the 50-plus productions he has mounted.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               59 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 9, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Door slams shut today on public's view of Senate trial

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16A

LENGTH: 578 words


For more than a year, calls for President Clinton's removal for
covering up an affair with a White House intern have been fought
out in public. But as matters now stand, the final deliberation
will be secret.

Unless a Senate leadership still mired in the 19th century changes
course, the TV screen will go blank today. The galleries will
be cleared, the doors sealed and senators allowed to avoid responsibility
for what they say -- or don't say -- in the most momentous constitutional
debate they may ever face: whether to remove a duly elected president
for the first time in the nation's 210-year history.


In fact, under rules dating from 1868, a senator can be expelled
just for disclosing what's said in the closed sessions. Demonstrating
how silly the situation is, Sen. Robert Bennett, R-Utah, for one,
says he'll release his planned speech just before the doors are
shut.

Senators seeking to open the proceedings say a majority of the
Senate now agrees. But that's not good enough. A two-thirds vote
is required to suspend the rules, and in the tradition-bound Senate,
that's hard. Two weeks ago, senators trying to open up debates
on motions to dismiss the proceedings, issue subpoenas and depose
witnesses lost 43-57 and 41-58.

Defenders of the Senate as Star Chamber point to the fact that
juries deliberate behind closed doors. But that's a phony argument.
Senators are not jurors, as Chief Justice William Rehnquist reaffirmed
at the beginning of Clinton's trial. They are a court rendering
a uniquely political decision on whether to reverse the public's
judgment. How can the public be fairly excluded from that deliberation?

Nor did the Founders accept the criminal-court parallels. They
specifically limited Congress to a nonjudicial role: impeaching
and removing wayward officials. Criminal prosecution or civil
proceedings are left to the courts. Meanwhile, senators blocking
open debate are among those rushing to the TV cameras morning,
night and weekends to discuss the ongoing trial, something no
juror could do.

The other rationale offered for Senate secrecy -- that privacy
will reduce partisanship and encourage collegiality -- has no
greater validity. Politicians have used that line for decades
to keep legislative committees, county-council decisions, contract
awards and other basic business of government hidden at all levels.
Few voters believe anymore that they will benefit when their representatives
meet in secret for fear their conversations will be overheard.

Particularly worrisome is the fact that the bulk of opposition
to dealing with Clinton's misbehavior openly comes from those
most inclined to convict. Fifty-two of the Senate's 55 Republicans
voted earlier to keep the doors shut.

In the current climate, that may be understandable. Secrecy offers
political shelter. But those most eager to undo the public's electoral
choice bear a special obligation to let the public hear their
reasoning.

Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison, R-Texas, is now taking a higher profile
in support of openness, and that may give other Republicans courage
to do what's right.

After all, if any senator believes in the rightness of his or
her position, why be afraid of the public finding out?<REVBAR_EDT>OUR
VIEW<QC></REVBAR_EDT><TODAYSDEBATE>Impeachment<QC></TODAYSDEBATE><LEADIN_EDT>Gra
vity
of moment demands open view; rationalizations fall flat.</LEADIN_EDT>

LOAD-DATE: February 09, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Doug Mills, AP; Closed: Capitol Hill Police Officer John
Gibson guards door of Senate chamber last month.

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               61 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 17, 1999, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Whither Medicare?

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 441 words


The much-touted, much-doubted National Bipartisan Commission on
the Future of Medicare came to the end of its legislative rope
Tuesday without endorsing a reform proposal. No surprise there.

Medicare is solvent for another 10 years, while the House, the
presidency and possibly even the Senate could change parties in
two. The lack of crisis combined with the obvious political risks
sapped the political climate for reform of both urgency and desire.
Still, the commission's work may still prove useful, thanks to
an intriguing irony.

The proposal championed by co-chairman Sen. John Breaux, D-La.,
shares important elements with the health reforms championed by
President Clinton in 1994. That plan was hammered by Republicans.
But Republicans on the commission endorsed Breaux's plan unanimously,
while the Clinton White House failed to push its appointees to
support it.

The two plans are indeed much alike, starting with similar goals.
In 1994, Clinton wanted to create an affordable, universal health
care system. In 1998 and 1999, reformers wanted to save Medicare,
a form of universal health care for Americans over 65 that faces
a crisis of affordability as the baby boom ages and costs jump
to $ 2.2 trillion a year by 2030.

In pursuit of those roughly equivalent ends, reformers settled
on roughly equivalent means. Both envisioned federal mandates
and subsidies, used to purchase coverage from a regional list
of federally approved providers. Both relied on the promise of
managed care to control costs and save money. And both relied
on competition to keep costs low.

Obviously, there are differences. Providing care for the elderly
is not the same as providing it for every American. And the Medicare
reform is much more aggressive about driving consumers to managed
care.

Obviously, too, both reforms contain pronounced flaws. In 1994,
the Clinton plan posed the threat of a massive new federal bureaucracy,
uncertain financing and dramatic limitations on the market and
consumer choices. In 1999, the Breaux plan retains the massive
Medicare bureaucracy. It doesn't guarantee savings, the financing
is uncertain and, to the degree that it drives the elderly into
managed care, it reduces consumer choice.

Still, two separate attempts to reform a health care system in
the name of affordable and universal care now have arrived at
the same general solution, once with Democratic support and once
with Republican. That sort of off-kilter unity suggests that at
least interim solutions to both challenges are possible, and it
suggests where they might be found.

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               63 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 11, 1999, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Aflutter over white curtains

BYLINE: Shawn Sell

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 11D; Weekend Ways

LENGTH: 1331 words


White curtains at the window. Such a simple concept, but always,
it seems, the right choice.

Ever notice how white curtains grab your attention as you pass
by a house? Maybe it's the way the breeze lifts them up and out
the window on a June day, the quiet stirrings they make on a hot
summer night or the reassuring outline as they hang motionless
in the moonlight.

Heavy draperies, blinds, shades and shutters do not elicit this
sort of longing. Not even lush swags of rosy Laura Ashley chintz
or yards of exquisitely patterned fabrics can equal the incomparably
comforting feelings of old-fashioned white curtains.


Unlike other kinds of window treatments, curtains can create a
more casual feel.

The most basic curtain features a sleeve at the top, through which
a metal or wooden rod is inserted, with fabric gathered evenly
over the top. The two panels can then hang straight at the window
or be gathered at the side and secured with ribbon or pieces of
fabric called tie backs.

Cafe curtains work on the same principle, but are shorter, usually
covering the bottom half of a window. They are not tied back,
just pushed across the rod to open or close.

And depending on the fabric, the look can be dressed up or down.
Pique, organdy (many "sheers" are made from this fabric) eyelet
or lace offer a more fancy silhouette.

But I don't think you can beat plain white cotton. Cotton hangs
well and retains that crisp, clean look for many months. It's
a fundamental fabric that comes in hundreds of weaves and variations
so, really, the choice comes down to preference.

Growing up, I remember how fun it was to peek through the filmy
curtains, made of a fine white lawn, at my mother's house. If
you squinted your eyes almost shut, you could turn a sultry August
day into a snowy landscape. And if you got lucky enough to visit
a house with white embroidered lace or organdy curtains, you could
become a beautiful bride just by draping the curtains on your
head.

Years ago, white curtains were as trendy as mini blinds are today.
Grandma had them, so did your aunt. Most likely, they were unlined
and made from a basic starched and ironed cotton. They fluttered
each time the window opened and, most likely, you noticed them
without really seeing them.

White curtains are like that. In fact, that's their charm. Like
anything known and comfortable, they exist only to reassure us
that some things don't have to change.

All these thoughts ran through my mind as I hung white curtains
in my son's room the other day. After weeks of searching for just
the right shade of blue to match his comforter, I gave up and
bought an inexpensive pair of tab curtains (the tabs are an inch
or two apart, which means the rod will show, so make sure you're
not using an unattractive, metal one). These simple curtains are
made of plain cotton with a vertical white polished-cotton stripe
in the fabric. After hanging them on a just-painted wooden rod,
I wondered why I hadn't thought of this sooner. Right away, the
room lightened. The windows looked cleaner. The back yard seemed
brighter.

Because white curtains are like a cool breeze on a too-hot day.
They whisper of summertime, of clean freshness. And in winter,
they remind us that easier weather is on the way.

There is a downside: They show dirt considerably and sometimes
yellow, which means you have to wash (and likely iron) them twice
a year.

That's right, twice a year. At least that's what really
thorough housekeepers do. In early spring and then at the end
of fall, the white curtains are taken down, carefully laundered
(sometimes by hand) and then dried, starched, ironed and hung
back up.

A lot of work, but the end result is sheer perfection.


Threading through terms

When choosing curtains or linens, it helps to know the fabric
you're looking at. Here's a short glossary of terms:

 * Batiste.  A fine, sheer, plain-weave mercerized muslin
made of cotton or cotton blend. Named after a French linen weaver
named Jean Baptiste.

 * Cotton. Where cotton is grown (climate and soil) affects
this vegetable fiber, creating different colors, strength of fibers
and length of fibers. Sea Island (from Mexico and Central America)
is considered the finest, silkiest cotton. Other types include:
Egyptian, American pima cotton (a cross between Egyptian and Sea
Island), Peruvian, Indian, Chinese and American.

 * Cutwork: A white-on-white look in which shapes are cut
out, then tightly stitched and finished around the edges, and
stitched onto cotton or linen.

 * Eyelet embroidery. Small round holes punched into fabric,
then finished with a tight stitch, that form a repetitive design.
Usually white on white.

 * Flour sacking. An old-time, country fabric made of a
plain-weave pure cotton. Usually bleached and softened.

 * Lawn. A light, thin, usually white cloth made of combed
cotton, originating in France. Lawn is crisper than voile but
not as crisp as organdy.

 * Organdy. Very light, thin, transparent, stiff cotton
cloth. Crushes easily but can be ironed back to crispness. Organza
is a similar fabric but made from silk.

 * Pique. Usually made of pure white cotton, pique sports
a weave that has a corded effect that runs down the warp of the
fabric.

 * Point d'esprit. Also known as dotted Swiss, it's a sheer
cotton embellished with small dot motifs.

 * Poplin. A crisp, strong, fine-weave cotton, featuring
crosswise ribs.

 * Voile. A thin, soft, almost transparent fabric made
of high-twist combed cotton or cotton blend.

Gentle care for linens 'n' things

Included in some families' hand-me-down heirlooms are linens and
curtains (especially those made of rare or antique fabrics, such
as lace, lawn and voile). Here, from experts such as Chippy Irvine
(Elegant Linens, Bulfinch Press, $ 35) are a tips for cleaning
and storing your prized white fabrics, curtains to tablecloths:

* Very old or fragile cloth should be hand washed using
Woolite or other gentle cleaners. Gently swish to remove dirt,
don't rub. After the final rinse, gently remove the water (never
wring) by folding and pressing the fabric against the side of
the basin.

* Brighten yellowed cloth by soaking in tepid water in
a solution of baking powder. Let dry in the sun.

* Never use bleach -- it wears out the fabric. To remove
a soiled spot without leaving a ring, rub in cleaning fluid and
sprinkle it with baby powder or cornstarch while it is still wet.
When dry, gently brush off powder. To remove rust stains, use
a product called RIT rust remover. For wine stains, generously
sprinkle salt on the site (to keep liquid from spreading). Then
immerse item in cold water or a solution of borax for 30 minutes.
Then wash as usual.

* If there is grime on an old, precious fabric, dab it
with distilled water soaked into a clean fabric pad. Gently push
the dirt out from between the fibers.

* Cotton crocheted, knitted or lace curtains can be laundered
in a washer, but they should not be put in the dryer. If there
is any cut or loose thread, they will unravel. Instead, lay them
out to dry on a flat surface.

* Drying linens and curtains outside is still the best
method. Lay linens flat on the grass or hang on a clothesline.
Some people swear by laying out linens in full moonlight so that
they get bleached, but not as harshly as by sunlight.

* Depending on the type of lace, curtains can stretch if
hung when wet. It's best to block them back into shape on a flat
surface when wet.

* If you live in a humid region, beware of mildew. Store
linens in a closet with a timed, intermittent light.

* When storing vintage linens for long periods of time,
use acid-free tissue paper; air them out yearly.

* Ironing is easier if you sprinkle linens with water,
then roll them up and store in freezer until ironing day.

LOAD-DATE: June 11, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Jerry Mosemak, USA TODAY (Illustration)

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               64 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 24, 1999, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

'Summer' fever Revisiting a season of fear has Spike taking the heat

BYLINE: Elizabeth Snead

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1749 words


Could it be? Has Spike Lee, the reputedly radical, oft-outspoken,
always controversial film director, really mellowed?

Sure sounds like it.

Lee, 42, is married to corporate lawyer Tonya Lewis and lives
in a Manhattan mansion with daughter Satchel, 4, and son Jackson,
2.

Asked what films he lets the kids watch, Lee, sporting his trademark
Knicks jersey, shakes his head and flashes the "I never thought
I'd" smile that invariably accompanies parenthood.

"I swore -- this was before I was married -- I swore I'm never
taking my kids to Disney movies! Well, I was wrong." Lee chuckles
as he untangles a fragile nest of thin pasta and tomatoes, an
al fresco lunch served on the sun-splattered patio of upscale
Italian eatery Orso. "Daddy was wrong."


It's not just that Lee is watching The Lion King and Aladdin
for the umpteenth time with his kids. He's also making movies
at Disney -- though under the auspices of one of its more adult
labels, Touchstone Pictures, which financed and released He
Got Game (1998).

Mellow or not, Lee still grapples with gritty stories. His second
Touchstone film, Summer of Sam, is out July 2, starring
John Leguizamo, Mira Sorvino, Jennifer Esposito and Adrien Brody.

Summer, a feverish, explicit (rated R) time capsule of
New York in the summer of '77, is an intense drama of the cultural
clash of disco and punk rock, the sexual revolution, a blistering
heat wave, electric blackouts, looting and the rampant paranoia
caused by the random murders committed by David Berkowitz, the
Son of Sam.

Notoriety has been sister to the success of Lee's critically acclaimed
films. He has tackled festering urban, racial and sexual tensions
in films that include She's Gotta Have It (1986), Do
the Right Thing ('89), Jungle Fever ('91), Malcolm
X ('92) and Get on the Bus ('96). And over the years,
Lee has raised eyebrows and hackles with his opinions on Hollywood's
lack of racial diversity, his occasionally prickly manner with
the mainstream press and his ire over director Quentin Tarantino's
overuse (Lee counted 38 times) of the N-word in the film Jackie
Brown. The last brouhaha evolved into open media mudslinging
involving Lee, Tarantino and one of the film's stars, Samuel L.
Jackson.

It seems Lee is picking his battles more carefully now. "I went
over to Mira (Tarantino's ex-girlfriend) the first day on the
set and said, 'Mira, we're not going to talk about it.' She said,
'Fine,' and we never did. It never came up again."

Still, Lee has his hands full, putting out media-fanned fires
of controversy raging over Summer, the first of his films
with a predominantly white cast.

In Sunday's New York Times, Berkowitz, the first serial
killer widely covered by the media -- he wrote taunting notes
to New York Daily News columnist Jimmy Breslin during the
'77 manhunt -- spoke from the cell where he's serving a 300-year
sentence. Berkowitz, now 46 and a born-again Christian, still
insists he was demonically possessed in '77; he shed tears over
the release of Summer, which he said will cause pain for
his victims' families. He said he prays for Lee and his family.

Uncharacteristically, Lee declined to comment for the Times
story, saying only that he had "made a statement on that
at the beginning."

Here, he sets the record razor-straight.

"I never set out to make a film about a serial killer or glamorizing
a serial killer," he says. "I was attempting to capture madness
on film. This film is about that particular insane summer. You
can't deny that David Berkowitz was part of it and contributed
to the hysteria, but it's not about him. It's about the effect
his crimes had on people, in particular the Italian-American part
of the Bronx and, on a larger scale, on 8 million New Yorkers.

"I agree with Breslin (who makes a cameo in the film) when he
says 'Berkowitz is one sick f- - -,' " he adds.

But even The Daily News (its gruesome headlines from two
decades ago are used in the film and on the posters) recently
interviewed some outraged victim families; all decried Summer
and Lee for forcing them to relive 20-year-old pain.

"It could be 40 years," Lee says. "These families will still
feel the same way. There is nothing we can say that is going to
make these parents feel better, and we understood that going in.
But...it's a part of New York history."

A talent grows in Brooklyn

It's also part of Lee's personal history. He grew up in the Fort
Greene area of Brooklyn; the summer of '77 was when Lee, son of
an art teacher and a jazz bassist (dad Bill Lee has scored several
of his films), first picked up a Super 8 camera. He filmed the
lootings, disco dances and neighborhood block parties for what
would become his first student film, Last Hustle in Brooklyn.

"That summer was when I decided I wanted to become a filmmaker,"
Lee says. His vivid memories of it drew him to the script presented
in 1996 by Michael Imperioli (a star of Jungle Fever, now
featured in HBO's hit series The Sopranos) and co-writer
Victor Colicchio. Their script weaves in fact (a mob boss did
order a hit on Berkowitz) and the screenwriters' personal experiences
(both knew kids who were horribly beaten because others thought
they were the Son of Sam).

Initially, Lee wanted just to produce, with Imperioli as first-time
director of what was a more intimate story.

"But as the scope of the film increased and it became more about
New York -- the level of siege mentality in the city, the fear,
paranoia and that pressure cooker feeling that Spike had addressed
in Do the Right Thing -- it became more of a Spike piece,"
Imperioli says. Lee eventually took producer and co-writer credits
in addition to directing.

Disney has been supportive

The depth of his involvement and the nature of the material guaranteed
media scrutiny. Several publications have written articles in
recent months suggesting rifts between Lee and Disney, citing
"inside sources" who imply the studio has been backing away
from Lee's powerful, racy film.

"Untrue," Lee says. "Joe Roth and Michael Eisner have been
supportive of the film from the get-go, and they've never waned."

Last week, when it was announced that Touchstone had sold international
distribution rights, press reports again surmised the studio was
dumping the film.

But Touchstone didn't sell all the international territories,
and the decision to sell some was made in April, months before
any controversy began.

Lee points out that selling foreign rights is a common practice.

"Disney always keeps animation rights. But that's it. Warner
Bros. sold the foreign rights to Malcolm X," he says.
"It happens all the time."

Just a few months ago, the Los Angeles Times, after viewing
an early version of Summer, wrote that the film's violence,
nudity, drug use and foul language might earn it an NC-17 rating
from the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA), rather
than the R it eventually got.

Lee made only two minor trims for the R rating, he says, and despite
the current climate of sensitivity to violence, both cuts were
for nudity -- one from a group-grope scene and one of Leguizamo's
bare behind in a love scene with Sorvino.

"With this whole high school shootings thing and the president
coming out wanting to blame films and television, I say, 'Well,
fine.'

"But the MPAA still has two standards, one for violence and one
for sex. (MPAA chief) Jack Valenti will swear up and down on a
stack of Bibles that this is not so, but I'm here to testify.
They did not raise one question about the violence in this film.
All their concerns were over the sexual content. We gotta protect
the little Johnnies all across America, because sex is much more
harmful than violence." (The MPAA routinely declines comment
on changes it asks directors to make.)

Lucas is 'out of touch'

OK, so maybe Lee hasn't completely mellowed. But he has loosened
up enough to have some fun with a talking dog, created with computer-generated
animation.

"Berkowitz said the dog told him to do it," Lee says. "So I
felt that, well, we should go there." Actor John Turturro is
the voice of the dog.

Lee laughs about ending up like George Lucas, making films with
computer-generated actors and sets. "Lucas and (Titanic's
James) Cameron, man," he says, laughing, "if they could make
movies without actors, they would, and they will!"

Aha. The perfect lead-in for a question about Star Wars'
Jar Jar Binks. Surely Lee will have something to say on the hotly
debated racial-stereotype question.

"You mean the science-fiction Stepin Fetchit?" Lee says, smiling
broadly at the bait. "I haven't seen it, but a lot of my friends,
whom I respect, have."

He pauses. "I just think George Lucas is out of touch. I think
he's out of touch with people in general. I guess that happens
when you have more money than God."

He asks if Lucas has made a statement about Jar Jar yet. "Lucas
should speak to it," Lee says. "When stuff like this happens,
I don't think they should make the kid who played the part defend
it. He didn't know what he was doing. He was just happy to be
in a Star Wars movie and was gonna do whatever George told
him to do!"

OK, one last chance to get this onetime radical to rant a bit:
What does Lee think of the current representation of blacks in
Hollywood?

"It's a lot better than it was," he says, after a moment's pause.
"At least for black filmmakers. But as far as the top levels
in decision-making positions? I'm not just talking about Disney,
where I made my last two films, but throughout Hollywood. Columbia,
Universal, Warner Bros., Fox. The last black person I see is the
security guard who waves me past the gate. Brother man lets me
in -- 'All right, Spike! What's up?' -- and that's it."

So how about forming a black film studio?

"It could happen," Lee muses, wiping up the last smudge of garlic
sauce from his plate. "But it would take a lot of financing.
What costs the most now is distribution, so the best strategy
would be to find a source of funding and then use the existing
distribution system. To finance a film and have distribution,
too, it's just too cost-prohibitive."

Spoken like a mature filmmaker.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EAR PHOTO, Color, Dan MacMedan for USA TODAY; PHOTO, Color, Dan
MacMedan for USA TODAY; PHOTO, Color, David Lee, Touchstone Pictures; 'Summer of
Sam': Adrien Brody, left, and John Leguizamo star.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               66 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 6, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Navy sonar sends waves of concern worldwide

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 8D

LENGTH: 369 words


Low-frequency active sonar (LFA) is a new technology tested by
the Navy for detecting submarines. After noise pollution from
shipping, LFA is of greatest concern among marine scientists.
LFA emits powerful low-frequency sound waves in the same range
as many whale species' calls, at 250 hertz and below.


This month, the Navy is to release an environmental impact statement,
which, because of the global nature of LFA, is the Navy's largest
ever.

LFA consists of an array of 18 loudspeakers, each the size of
a small bathtub. A ship lowers them 300 to 500 feet into the water.
The speakers broadcast tones at about 230 decibels. The intense
tones register 140 decibels 300 miles away.

The tones sweep up and down through the ocean like a wave. The
waves spread from the source like ripples in a pool.

What happens to marine life when it is struck by the moving sound
front is unclear. But Pacific gray whales are known to avoid low-frequency
sound waves at 120 decibels.

Preliminary studies, conducted with the cooperation of the Navy,
found that some whales exposed temporarily to LFA waves swam away.
Others stopped vocalizing. Whales resumed vocalizing within half
an hour, and some were unaffected.

That finding suggests that temporary exposure can change behavior
but not necessarily in harmful ways. The bigger concern is that
the research provides no insight into long-term exposure.

"You don't see them flinching when the source comes on," says
Christopher Clark of Cornell University. "But we don't know what
happens over the long term."

Other sources of noise that have direct effects on marine life:

* Acoustic harassment devices used to oust dolphins, seals
and other mammals from fishing areas. They can reach 190 decibels.

* Air guns used by the oil industry to generate seismic
energy on the sea floor for surveys of gas and oil deposits. Explosives
also are used.

* The proposed Acoustic Thermometry of Ocean Climate project.
The project, which would generate underwater low-frequency sound
waves around the globe to measure ocean temperature, has been
delayed because of controversy. Preliminary tests show no short-term
effect.

LOAD-DATE: July 06, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: SCIENCE

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               69 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 2, 1999, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Clinton's legacy tied to peace, stability in Balkans Sarajevo rebounds, but
shows fragility of regional progress

BYLINE: Bill Nichols

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 834 words

DATELINE: SARAJEVO, Bosnia-Herzegovina


SARAJEVO, Bosnia-Herzegovina -- Residents of this stately but
war-ravaged city have a saying: Croats have Croatia, Serbs have
Serbia and Bosnians have America.

If anywhere will stand as a testament to the success or failure
of President Clinton's foreign policy record, it will be the Balkans.

The United States has dispatched 7,000 troops and fought an 11-week
war in Yugoslavia to try to ensure that the region's ethnic hatreds
evolve into a cornerstone of European peace and stability.

But to visit Sarajevo is to see both the potential promise and
the lurking menace of that dream.


Clinton traveled here Friday to take part, along with 39 other
heads of state, in a so-called stability pact summit aimed at
building long-term stability in the countries of southeastern
Europe.

He said he found the city with its multiethnic mix of Bosnian
Serbs, Croats and Muslims much changed since his last visit in
December 1997.

"They've done a remarkably astonishing job in Sarajevo," Clinton
told reporters. "It doesn't look like the same place I visited
two years ago."

Sarajevo is, for the most part, a peaceful place where construction
slowly is replacing the artillery-pocked buildings and devastated
neighborhoods that resulted from the 1992-95 civil war. That war
ended with the 1995 Dayton peace accords, which were forged largely
by the persistence of an American: U.N. ambassador-designate Richard
Holbrooke.

But as Clinton looks to his legacy and his goal of building a
stable, united, democratic Europe in the wake of the Warsaw Pact's
collapse, Sarajevo -- along with the rebuilding effort in Kosovo
-- is as much a symbol of pessimism as hope.

While international financial organizations, nongovernmental aid
groups and individual nations have poured millions of dollars
into reconstruction and humanitarian relief in Bosnia, the country
in many ways hardly has begun to become a functioning nation.

Unemployment's about 50%.

Banks hardly exist.

Younger Bosnians, frustrated with the pace of change, continue
to flee their homeland.

The defeat of Yugoslav President Slobodan Milosevic's forces in
Kosovo by NATO's air war has given Bosnians hope that a more moderate
regime could come to power in Belgrade. That would reduce tensions
in Bosnia and force the government of the Republic of Srpska (pronounced
SERB-ska) -- the Serb entity in the divided Bosnian government
-- to reach out to its non-Serb neighbors.

But administration officials, while talking tough in public about
mounting opposition to Milosevic, don't really know what Belgrade's
future holds.

Milosevic's absence at the one-day stability pact summit here
was a reminder that he has become isolated as an international
pariah and that a democratic Serbia remains a crucial link to
any strategy for building long-term peace and prosperity in the
Balkans.

That dream, a goal of world leaders throughout a bloody century
in which southeast Europe was at the heart of two world wars,
was the subject of the discussions Friday. Leaders from Albania,
Bosnia, Bulgaria, Croatia, Hungary, Romania, Slovenia and Macedonia
pledged to improve the climate for investment in their countries.

World leaders promised to do what they can to integrate southeast
Europe into global trading systems and markets.

Clinton announced plans to set up investment funds for the region
through the Overseas Private Investment Corp., an agency of the
U.S. government, and to work with Congress to lower tariffs for
Balkan nations.

He also directed Commerce Secretary William Daley to lead a trade
mission here in the fall.

Clinton is enormously popular here, where he is seen as the world
leader who first spoke out about the savagery of the war in Bosnia
and who spurred the international community to intervene.

During a speech at a multiethnic school that has been rebuilt
from the rubble of the war, he made clear how important a successful
reconstruction and long-term peace in the Balkans are to him.

"You know, for so many people who have never been to this beautiful
place, Sarajevo is a name associated only with violence," Clinton
said.

"Often they do not know that for centuries and for decades in
the 20th century, a spirit of tolerance defined this beautiful
place. That is the Sarajevo I want the world to know about. If
you can draw on the best parts of your heritage to build a united
future here, then it can be done elsewhere in Bosnia and throughout
this region."

Clinton is adamant that his vision of a united Europe, the theme
that has driven so much of his foreign policy strategy over the
past seven years, will be successful.

"In the Bosnian civil war, we had 250,000 people killed. We had
2.5 million refugees. The conflict went on for more than four
years," Clinton said.

"We have a lot more to do. But I think the people who are overly
critical should come here and look and see."

LOAD-DATE: August 02, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Susan Walsh, AP; 'Build a united future': President Clinton
addresses high school students in Sarajevo, Bosnia, after attending a summit to
discuss rebuilding the Balkans.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               71 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 29, 1999, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Virus outbreak sounds alarm; are health officials listening?

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 453 words


What began last month as a parochial tale of birds dropping mysteriously
from the New York City sky has evolved rapidly into a national
drama worthy of Hollywood.

The West Nile encephalitis virus, a bird-borne disease that can
be transferred to humans by mosquito bite, somehow found its way
to the nation's biggest city from Africa. Already, dozens of people
have been infected and four have died from the disease. Now officials
at the federal Centers for Disease Control and Prevention say
the virus likely will spread as infected birds migrate south.


How far? No one can say for sure. How fast? Same answer. The CDC
just doesn't know, and the public health community remains poorly
prepared for new disease outbreaks. Which is in large part why
past outbreaks from Ebola to the Hong Kong chicken flu have whipped
the public into a frenzy.

Those turned out to be far less devastating than billed in countless
news stories. The 1995 Ebola outbreak in Zaire was followed by
a sharp falloff in reported cases. And only six died from the
chicken flu.

But everyone agrees that deadly diseases someday will emerge.
And the CDC for years has warned that it lacks the resources to
protect adequately against potential new threats. In a report
out in 1995, it noted that "current systems that monitor infectious
diseases domestically and internationally are inadequate to confront
present and future challenges of emerging infections."

Yet, while the CDC has long recognized the need for vigilance
in this area, its budget hasn't reflected it. The division charged
with monitoring new and emerging diseases still commands a mere
$ 59 million, a tiny fraction of its $ 2 billion annual budget.

The vague response to the West Nile virus outbreak is another
red flag that the CDC is right to call for more resources. For
now this is what's known about the virus: While it has never been
seen in this hemisphere, its more virulent sister, called St.
Louis encephalitis, remains relatively rare here. There have been
just 470 confirmed cases of it over the past decade. In 1997 there
were only 14. Compared with everyday diseases such as the flu,
which kills more than 20,000 people each year, this is a miniscule
threat.

But there's no certainty that this disease will behave the same
way. Perhaps more worrisome, New York health officials misdiagnosed
it for more than a month, despite CDC's help.

With unexpected outbreaks of unfamiliar diseases increasing sharply
as a result of growth in worldwide travel, the globalization of
food supply, habitat disruption, climate changes, and the overuse
of antibiotics, that level of preparedness is unacceptable.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Suzy Parker, USA TODAY, Source: Centers for Disease
Control (Bar graph)

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               74 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 9, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

PBS gets intimate with life's many tiny mysteries

BYLINE: Anita Manning

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 8D

LENGTH: 453 words


Earth's tiniest citizens -- microbes -- and the scientists who
study them are stars of a four-part television series starting
tonight on PBS stations.

Intimate Strangers: Unseen Life on Earth marries the zeal
of scientists with striking images to provide an informative and
entertaining close-up view of the environment.

Produced by Oregon Public Broadcasting with help from the American
Society for Microbiology, the series opens with the investigation
into the origins of life, the first living creatures as revealed
in microorganisms found in deep-water volcanic vents.


German scientist Karl Stetter, whose irrepressible joy and passion
for his work make him the Roberto Benigni of microbiology, leads
viewers to the island of Vulcano, off the coast of Italy.

The island is an active volcanic region that in ancient times
was thought to be the gateway to Hades.

"I love these guys, these volcanoes," Stetter says with enthusiasm
as he walks across a steaming plateau.

"I like even the sulfur smell! This is an environment that makes
me excited, thinking and dreaming of the primitive earth."

In the premiere episode, Stetter and others lead us through the
complexities of DNA, new discoveries about genetic origins of
all species and research into the human genome.

Subsequent episodes:

* Explore the role of microorganisms in maintaining a livable
balance in the environment, including their role in recycling
and their effects on global climate.

* Look at how changes in the environment can open the way
for microbes, such as the hantavirus that emerged in the American
Southwest in 1993, to make humans sick.

Scientists explain how viruses and bacteria adapt to prolong their
survival. The scientists also speculate on future epidemics.

* Offer hope for the future by showing the ways in which
a better understanding of the microbial world can lead people
to develop technologies to restore the environment and feed the
world.

Executive producer Peter Baker, who has a doctorate in physics,
worked on the project for more than eight years.

What excited him, he says, was "just getting people interested
in the romance of doing the science and taking them places" and
"cultivating a latent interest in young people."

The series is aimed at non-scientists and should be easily understandable
to anyone from bright junior high schoolers to adults, even former
English majors.

"I hope people come away from it with a feeling that, my God,
nature is absolutely stupendous and wonderful," Baker says, and
with an understanding "that microbes are the foundation of everything,
the connecting tissue, the glue, of the world."

LOAD-DATE: November 09, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Looking for the unseen world: Karen Nelson is one of the scientists
profiled in 'Intimate Strangers,' which examines microbiology.

TYPE: HEALTH AND BEHAVIOR

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               76 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 6, 1999, Monday, FIRST EDITION

Soldier accused in slaying goes on trial

BYLINE: Andrea Stone

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 956 words

DATELINE: FORT CAMPBELL, Ky.


FORT CAMPBELL, Ky. -- An Army private accused of bludgeoning to
death a gay soldier in a drunken, hate-fueled rage goes on trial
here Tuesday. Gay-rights advocates say the case shows that a Pentagon
policy designed to help lesbians and gay men serve in the military
has done little to protect them.

Pvt. Calvin Glover, 19, of Sulphur, Okla., faces court-martial
in the slaying of Pfc. Barry Winchell, 21, who was beaten to death
with a baseball bat as he slept in his barracks in the early hours
of July 5. The soldiers were members of the same infantry unit.


Winchell's roommate, Spc. Justin Fisher, 25, of Lincoln, Neb.,
has been charged as an accomplice. He is accused of encouraging
Glover's actions and lying to investigators. His court-martial
is set for next Monday.

Winchell was the first service member believed killed because
of his sexual orientation since Oct. 25, 1992, when Navy Petty
Officer Alan Schindler was beaten to death by two shipmates on
the USS Belleau Wood. The case has attracted national attention
because Winchell also was the first service member killed on a
U.S. military base as a result of alleged anti-gay violence since
the Pentagon instituted its "don't ask, don't tell, don't pursue"
policy on homosexuals in the military in 1994.

President Clinton formulated the controversial policy, a compromise
with conservatives in Congress who oppose letting gays serve openly
in the military. The measure lets gay men and lesbians stay in
uniform as long as they keep quiet about their sexual orientation.
It forbids commanders from asking about service members' sex life
or conducting anti-gay "witch hunts."

Though the policy might have been designed to help gays, the number
of troops discharged for homosexual conduct is higher than before
the rule took effect. So is the number of incidents of anti-gay
harassment, which rose nearly 120% from 183 cases in 1997 to 400
last year, according to the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network,
a Washington-based gay advocacy group.

The Pentagon has "not held commanders accountable for the climate
in their units," says C. Dixon Osburn, co-executive director
of the network. Winchell "faced anti-gay harassment every single
day for four months preceding (his death), and his supervisors
knew the harassment was happening and did nothing to stop it,"
he says.

A native of Kansas City, Mo., Winchell was reportedly the best
marksman in his company, and friends said he wanted to become
the best helicopter pilot in the Army. Winchell's dedication to
soldiering, however, did little to alleviate the gay-baiting taunts
that prosecutors say set the scene for his killing.

"Military members are generally intolerant to homosexual conduct,"
says former Marine Corps pilot Charles Gittins, a military defense
lawyer who is not involved in the Winchell case. "It's a fact
of life that the warrior ethos does not include an understanding
of same-sex relationships. It just doesn't go with the macho military."

At first, the Army insisted that Winchell died as the result of
nothing more than an altercation between two soldiers. Pressure
from gay-rights groups forced investigators to delve further.
Prosecutors now acknowledge that Winchell might have been killed
at least in part because he was gay.

At pretrial hearings this summer, witnesses said Winchell's fellow
soldiers, including supervisors, taunted him constantly after
Fisher told their section leader that a soldier had been seen
at a gay nightclub in Nashville. He did not identify the soldier.

The section leader, Sgt. Michael Kleifgen, testified under oath
that he and another sergeant asked all soldiers in the company
where they had been that weekend.

After eliminating everyone else, Kleifgen said, "I asked Winchell
if he was gay.

"He said no."

Kleifgen's admission that he violated the "don't ask" part of
the policy by questioning Winchell about his sexuality brought
gasps from gay-rights activists in the courtroom.

The sergeant testified he made no attempt to stop the verbal abuse.
"Everybody was having fun," he said.

The taunting soon turned violent. Two days before the killing,
Glover got into a fistfight with Winchell. Winchell won the brawl
easily. Soon after, Glover found himself being taunted for losing
a fight to a gay man. He allegedly told another soldier, "I won't
let a faggot kick my ass."

Prosecutors say Glover made good on his threat the next night,
after a keg party outside the barracks Fourth of July weekend.
According to the charges, Glover took a baseball bat and pummeled
Winchell as he slept on his cot. He was later seen running away.
Investigators found bloodstained clothes in Glover's room.

The killing has had a chilling effect at Fort Campbell, says Rhonda
White of the Lesbian and Gay Coalition for Justice in Memphis.
Several gay soldiers have quit the Army because "they're afraid,"
she says. "Harassment is a constant. The words 'queer' and 'faggot'
are used very frequently and the taunting, teasing of gay and
non-gay soldiers with those words is encouraged by their superiors."

The Winchell killing also has spurred change. Days after Glover's
pretrial hearing in August, the Pentagon issued guidelines clarifying
its "don't ask, don't tell" policy. They include anti-harassment
training for all troops.

In October, President Clinton signed an executive order adding
stiffer penalties for hate crimes in the military, including those
against lesbians and gays. The order would not apply to Glover
because he was charged before the order was signed. If convicted,
he faces the possibility of life in prison.

LOAD-DATE: December 06, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Army; PHOTO, b/w, Pete Wright, Kentucky New Era; Winchell:
Believed killed because of his sexual orientation Glover: Accused in the slaying
of a member of his infantry unit, who was bludgeoned to death with a baseball
bat as he slept

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               77 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 6, 1999, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Soldier accused in slaying goes on trial

BYLINE: Andrea Stone

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 954 words

DATELINE: FORT CAMPBELL, Ky.


FORT CAMPBELL, Ky. -- An Army private accused of bludgeoning to
death a gay soldier in a drunken, hate-fueled rage goes on trial
here Tuesday. Gay-rights advocates say the case shows that a Pentagon
policy designed to help lesbians and gay men serve in the military
has done little to protect them.

Pvt. Calvin Glover, 19, of Sulphur, Okla., faces court-martial
in the slaying of Pfc. Barry Winchell, 21, who was beaten to death
with a baseball bat as he slept in his barracks in the early hours
of July 5. The soldiers were members of the same infantry unit.


Winchell's roommate, Spc. Justin Fisher, 25, of Lincoln, Neb.,
has been charged as an accomplice. He is accused of encouraging
Glover's actions and lying to investigators. His court-martial
is set for next Monday.

Winchell was the first service member believed killed because
of his sexual orientation since Oct. 25, 1992, when Navy Petty
Officer Alan Schindler was beaten to death by two shipmates on
the USS Belleau Wood. The case has attracted national attention
because Winchell also was the first service member killed on a
U.S. military base as a result of alleged anti-gay violence since
the Pentagon instituted its "don't ask, don't tell, don't pursue"
policy on homosexuals in the military in 1994.

President Clinton formulated the controversial policy, a compromise
with conservatives in Congress who oppose letting gays serve openly
in the military. The measure lets gay men and lesbians stay in
uniform as long as they keep quiet about their sexual orientation.
It forbids commanders from asking about service members' sex life
or conducting anti-gay "witch hunts."

Though the policy might have been designed to help gays, the number
of troops discharged for homosexual conduct is higher than before
the rule took effect. So is the number of incidents of anti-gay
harassment, which rose nearly 120% from 183 cases in 1997 to 400
last year, according to the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network,
a Washington-based gay advocacy group.

The Pentagon has "not held commanders accountable for the climate
in their units," says C. Dixon Osburn, co-executive director
of the network. Winchell "faced anti-gay harassment every single
day for four months preceding (his death), and his supervisors
knew the harassment was happening and did nothing to stop it."

A native of Kansas City, Mo., Winchell was reportedly the best
marksman in his company, and friends say he wanted to become the
best helicopter pilot in the Army. Winchell's dedication to soldiering,
however, did little to alleviate the gay-baiting taunts that prosecutors
say set the scene for his killing.

"Military members are generally intolerant to homosexual conduct,"
says former Marine Corps pilot Charles Gittins, a military defense
lawyer who is not involved in the Winchell case. "It's a fact
of life that the warrior ethos does not include an understanding
of same-sex relationships. It just doesn't go with the macho military."

At first, the Army said that Winchell died as the result of nothing
more than an altercation between two soldiers. Pressure from gay-rights
groups forced investigators to delve further. Prosecutors now
acknowledge that Winchell might have been killed at least in part
because he was gay.

At pretrial hearings this summer, witnesses said Winchell's fellow
soldiers, including supervisors, taunted him constantly after
Fisher told their section leader that a soldier had been seen
at a gay nightclub in Nashville. He did not identify the soldier.

The section leader, Sgt. Michael Kleifgen, testified under oath
that he and another sergeant asked all soldiers in the company
where they had been that weekend.

After eliminating everyone else, Kleifgen said, "I asked Winchell
if he was gay.

"He said no."

Kleifgen's admission that he violated the "don't ask" part of
the policy by questioning Winchell about his sexuality brought
gasps from gay-rights activists in the courtroom.

The sergeant testified he made no attempt to stop the verbal abuse.
"Everybody was having fun," he said.

The taunting soon turned violent. Two days before the killing,
Glover got into a fistfight with Winchell. Winchell won the brawl
easily. Soon after, Glover found himself being taunted for losing
a fight to a gay man. He allegedly told another soldier, "I won't
let a faggot kick my ass."

Prosecutors say Glover made good on his threat the next night,
after a keg party outside the barracks on the Fourth of July weekend.
According to the charges, Glover took a baseball bat and pummeled
Winchell as he slept on his cot. He was later seen running away.
Investigators found bloodstained clothes in Glover's room.

The killing has had a chilling effect at Fort Campbell, says Rhonda
White of the Lesbian and Gay Coalition for Justice in Memphis.
Several gay soldiers have quit the Army because "they're afraid,"
she says. "Harassment is a constant. The words 'queer' and 'faggot'
are used very frequently and the taunting, teasing of gay and
non-gay soldiers with those words is encouraged by their superiors."

Winchell's killing also has spurred change. Days after Glover's
pretrial hearing in August, the Pentagon issued guidelines clarifying
its "don't ask, don't tell" policy. They include anti-harassment
training for all troops.

In October, President Clinton signed an executive order adding
stiffer penalties for hate crimes in the military, including those
against lesbians and gays. The order would not apply to Glover
because he was charged before the order was signed. If convicted,
he faces the possibility of life in prison.

LOAD-DATE: December 06, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Army; PHOTO, b/w, Peter Wright, Kentucky New Era; Winchell:
Believed killed because of his sexual orientation Glover: Accused in the slaying
of a member of his infantry unit, who was bludgeoned to death with a baseball
bat as he slept

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               78 of 78 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 30, 1999, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Japan tries to dispel consumers' anxiety

BYLINE: Sara Nathan; Melana Zyla Vickers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 1278 words


While the U.S. economy booms along, Japan's once-leading economy
has been mired in recession. Sara Nathan of USA TODAY's
Money section and Melana Zyla Vickers of the newspaper's
editorial page recently asked Japan's Minister of State for
Economic Planning Taichi Sakaiya about prospects for improvement.
The interview has been edited for length and clarity.

Q: Can Japan catch up to the current, technology-driven prosperity
of the USA? A: Japan will definitely take part in the new
technology revolution. In the 1980s, Japanese industry focused
on superiority in the mass production of standardized goods. Therefore,
in terms of software, information technology and financial technologies,
we are now very much lagging behind. We are actively trying to
equip ourselves with enough information technology, software and
biotechnology knowledge. Most probably, within two or three years'
time, I'm sure Japan will be able to compete fully with the United
States.


Q: In what areas will Japan lead?

A: The United States has nationwide cable coverage. Not so in
Japan. Our mobile technology is more advanced than that in your
country, and we are better conditioned to develop mobile devices
and technology. Secondly, we must shape our society to address
its rapid aging. We must come up with the necessary conditions
for senior citizens to work and enjoy their lives. We should consider
the kind of offices most fitted for aged people, and jobs that
suit the aptitudes of senior citizens.

Q: Japan's economy shrank from July to September. How are you
addressing the slow pace of recovery?A: The government last
year implemented a drastic economic stimulus package to stimulate
consumption. We have implemented an individual income tax cut
together with a tax cut and tax incentives for investment in housing
and computer equipment. Deregulation will further stimulate consumption.
However, it is a fact that the Japanese people are still refraining
from making major spending. As their anxiety alleviates, we anticipate
their propensity to consume will further improve.

Q: Isn't there risk in the Japanese government's deficit spending?

A: It is a fact that the Japanese government is running a large
budget deficit. Because Japan is currently in a deep recession,
the tax revenue has been decreasing. Because of reduced tax revenue
and increased special spending to counter the recession, the current
budget deficit is inflating. But the financial market is strong
and resilient enough to try to absorb the issuance of government
bonds. We do not think the issuance is having a negative impact
on financial markets. We are confident we will be able to redress
the situation. I can summarize it as very severe but not desperate.
In 1992, your country also was running a huge budget deficit,
while currently you are enjoying a great surplus.

Q: How can the government change the consumers' psychology?

A: It is a difficult task. But what is more important is trying
to dispel the sense of anxiety. To this end, we have been implementing
policies on nursing care, medical care and the pension system.
Also important for stimulating the economy is to come up with
new products that will attract consumers and provide opportunities
for them to enjoy their lives. So the government during the year
2001 will be developing a so-called Net Fest, a very large-scale
Internet festival to improve further the penetration of Internet
use.

Q: Don't your large manufacturers remain pessimistic?

A: Some corporations still feel that the business climate is not
good, but some are saying the situation is reasonably good. September
was the worst possible for corporate profitability, and since
then we have definitely seen an improvement. From the second half
of the year 2000, we are confident that we will be able to place
the Japanese economy on a full-fledged recovery path. We forecast
fiscal year 1999 will end up with 0.6 % positive growth, and in
fiscal year 2000, this will be 1%.

Q: How did you view the failed World Trade Organization meetings
in Seattle?A: We are somewhat disappointed. We recognize the
very strong resistance from non-government organizations that
was evidenced by demonstrations. We would like to accommodate
their views. Japan also would like to maintain and deepen ties
with Asian countries, including South Korea and Singapore. I do
not think this will trigger countries to push for protectionism.
We should not repeat the era of protectionism.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Eriko Sugita, Reuters; Taichi Sakaiya

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.
