
                               1 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 26, 2000, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Global warming is accelerating, scientists report

BYLINE: Traci Watson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 377 words


By 2100, global warming could raise the average temperature of
the Earth as much as 10 degrees more than the average temperature
in 1990, according to a U.N.-sponsored panel of hundreds of scientists.

The estimate is substantially higher than the maximum temperature
rise of 6 degrees predicted in the 1995 edition of the United
Nations report and will renew debate over what causes global warming
and how to address it.

The report goes further than the 1995 edition in tying humans
to the warming of the planet. It says "it is likely" that gases
produced by human activity "have contributed substantially"
to the warming seen so far. The report defines "likely" as a
chance of 66%-99%.


"It is indeed a much stronger statement" than five years ago,
said Kevin Trenberth of the National Center for Atmospheric Research.
The 1995 report said most of the evidence "suggests a discernible
human influence on climate."

The Earth has warmed about 1 degree in the past 100 years. Many
scientists believe that part of the cause is a buildup of greenhouse
gases. These gases, emitted by factories and fossil-fuel use,
linger in the atmosphere and trap heat.

However, a minority of scientists say there is no proof that the
warming of the 20th century is anything but natural, and they
argue that the computer models used to predict climate change
are not reliable.

The new report, a draft summary prepared by the United Nations'
Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change, was being circulated
for review to scientists this week.

The report says that the Earth could warm 2.5 to 10.4 degrees
by 2100, compared with the 1.8 to 6.3 degrees estimated in the
1995 report.

Scientists say that the new estimates are higher partly because
they assume developing nations will cut emissions of sulfur, an
air pollutant that causes health problems and haze. Sulfur in
the atmosphere cools the Earth.

Most nations, including the United States, have not ratified a
1997 treaty intended to slow global warming.

A spokesman for Al Gore said the report shows that climate change
will be an important issue for the next president. A spokesman
for George W. Bush said the Texas governor believes more research
is needed.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               2 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 25, 2000, Friday, FINAL EDITION

An ice-free North Pole adds to case for warming

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 544 words


The ice was here, the ice was there,

The ice was all around.

-- Samuel Taylor Coleridge,

The Rime of the Ancient Mariner

That was in 1798, and the world has changed significantly since.
Earlier this month, a Russian icebreaker arrived at the North
Pole to find not ice but open water. This is likely the first
time in eons that the pole has been ice-free. If not direct proof
of global warming, it's nonetheless a stark reminder of the need
to act against an increasingly pressing problem.


Other signs of a big melt abound. The surface area of the Arctic
ice cap has shrunk more than 5% in the past two decades, and its
thickness has dropped by almost half. The change is so dramatic
that it has revived dreams of a northwest passage across the top
of Canada and a northeast passage across the top of Russia.

Whether any single event is evidence of global warming can usually
be disputed. But there's broad scientific consensus that the world
is warming unnaturally fast -- more than one degree in the past
100 years -- thanks largely to the hand of man. The use of fossil
fuels produces huge quantities of greenhouse gases, which sit
in the atmosphere and reflect heat back to Earth.

And there's no natural end in sight. Without steps to reduce emissions,
the amount of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere is projected to
double from pre-industrial levels by 2050. A draft report by the
congressionally authorized U.S. Global Change Research Program
contained projections of a 5-10 degree temperature spike by 2100.

Warm weather may bring some benefits. Open passages over the northern
continents could shorten commercial shipping routes by thousands
of miles. Warmer climates may also make forests more productive
and increase crop yields.

But even those blessings are mixed and marginal. Forests would
see enormous changes (sugar maples would be pushed north into
Canada). More farm production means collapsing prices, not to
mention more pests and weeds. Last week, the U.S. Department of
Agriculture linked global warming to increases in ragweed pollen.
Allergy sufferers take note.

Across the country, rising sea levels would cause more coastal
erosion. Shifting weather patterns would cause flooding in some
areas and drought elsewhere. Heat-related fatalities are projected
to increase, along with illnesses related to declining air and
water quality. A warmer world may also increase exposure to new
diseases carried along unexpected pathways.

The problem invites two approaches. One is simply to adapt, and
that will surely be necessary to some extent. But controlling
greenhouse gases through the use of new technologies and alternative
fuels is also essential. Some U.S. companies are already cutting
emissions, and Washington has expressed support for the Kyoto
Protocol, which seeks to create an international framework for
reducing fossil-fuel use.

Still, the campaign lacks urgency, and that's where the North
Pole comes in. Deep blue water in the cold white Arctic is not,
by itself, a climatological death knell. But the visual neatly
summarizes the world's current dilemma: The longer we wait to
control global warming, the thinner the ice beneath our feet.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Julie Snider, USA TODAY, Source: National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration (Line graph)

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               3 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 13, 2000, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Forecast for 2100: Hotter

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 395 words


The Earth has warmed for the past 100 years, and most scientists
expect the planet's temperature to rise even more this century.
Mainstream scientists agree that the warming is being caused in
part by human activities, such as the burning of fossil fuels
that add carbon dioxide and other gases to the atmosphere. A federal
report released Monday predicts that, as global warming takes
hold over the next century, people living gin the USA will have
to get used to very different weather. To calculate global warming's
effects on the various U.S. regions, scientists relied on two
computer models, one from the Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction
and Research in Britain and one from the Canadian Centre for Climate
Modeling and Research. Researchers also examined long-term climate
records. The report emphasizes that climate models, though much
improved, are still tentative.


Pacific Northwest

The area will have wetter winters and drier summers, raising the
risk of water shortages.

Hadley model: 8.3 degrees in summer; 8.5 degrees in winter
by the 2090s.

Canadian model: 7.3 degrees in summer; 10.6 degrees in
winter by the 2090s.

Great Plains

The heat index (a combination of heat and humidity) in July is
likely to rise as much as 25 degrees

Hadley model: Roughly 5 degrees by 2100

Canadian model: Roughly 12 degrees by 2100.

Midwest

Warming is likely to lead to lower water levels in streams and
in the Great Lakes.

Hadley model: Roughly 5 degrees by 2100

Canadian model: Roughly 10 degrees by 2100

Northeast

Heavy snowfalls and extreme cold should become less common.

Hadley model: Roughly 5 degrees by 2100

Canadian model: Roughly 10 degrees by 2100

West

Deserts probably will shrink, while forests probably will expand.

Hadley model: 8.3 degrees in summer; 8.8 degrees in winter
by the 2090s.

Canadian model: 7.7 degrees in summer; 12.8 degrees in
winter by 2095.

Alaska

As much as 33 feet of the state's permafrost is expected to vanish.

Hadley model: 5-12 degrees by 2100

Canadian model: 7-18 degrees by 2100

Hawaii

The ocean waters around the island probably will warm

Southeast

The region's heat index in July is likely to rise more dramatically
than anywhere else in the USA.

Hadley model: 4.1 degrees by 2100.

Canadian model: 10 degrees by 2100.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Marcy E. Mullins, USA TODAY, Source:The U.S. Global
Change Research Program(Map)

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              10 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    September 8, 2000, Friday, FIRST EDITION

Data support chilling evidence of warming

BYLINE: Traci Watson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 527 words


A new study published today says lakes and rivers across the Northern
Hemisphere are freezing later and thawing earlier, providing what
some scientists say is further evidence that the Earth is warming.

The new results alone don't prove that the planet's temperature
is rising, let alone that human activity is causing it. But the
new ice data "are generally consistent with" other research
measuring the human contribution to global warming, the study's
authors say.


The study, which appears in the journal Science, relies
on records collected from 1846 to 1995 on 26 lakes and rivers,
in places ranging from Finland to Japan to Siberia. The study
also includes 13 U.S. lakes and rivers, most in Wisconsin, New
York and Minnesota.

Over a 100-year span, the lakes and rivers froze 5.8 days later
and ice broke up 6.5 days earlier. Data on freezing came from
15 lakes and rivers, data on ice break-up from 24.

Those changes translate to a rise in global air temperature of
about 2 degrees per 100 years.

"We'd seen this warming pattern in Madison. (But) so what?"
says lead scientist John Magnuson of the University of Wisconsin.

"The strength of this paper is in pulling all these records together
 . . . so people could see it was occurring at a more global
scale."

Most scientists think that the planet is heating up and that human
activity is behind that trend. They cite the 20th-century rise
in the burning of fossil fuels, which creates gases that trap
heat in the atmosphere.

However, today's results could be explained by increased human
activity near the lakes and rivers, says climate researcher Konstantin
Vinnikov of the University of Maryland. Deforestation, for example,
heats up rivers.

Magnuson says that some of the sites were in wilderness areas
and that it's unlikely so many of the records would've showed
warming without a change in global climate. That could be caused
by human activity, changes in solar energy or a combination of
the two.

Others praised the study for providing a valuable new source of
long-term climate data. Climate scientists often have to resort
to data such as polar ice coverage measured by satellite images,
which normally span only a few decades.

The ice data in the new study go back at least 150 years at all
26 sites. At three sites, record keeping began before 1800.

The people who started collecting the ice dates, including Shinto
priests, Hudson's Bay Company employees and nature lovers, could
have never imagined such a purpose. The ice data for Japan's Lake
Suwa, for example, were collected as a marker of the appearance
of ice bridges connecting two Shinto temples across the lake from
each other.

Other data sets were first collected because rivers and lakes
were important trade or transportation routes. Even after highways
claimed those roles, people continued to take note of icing or
thawing as a sign of the seasons.

"I think these dates were as important to them as airline schedules
are today," Magnuson says. Then "they slowly switched to being
a curiosity, such as the first robin of spring."

LOAD-DATE: September 08, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              13 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 24, 2000, Friday, FIRST EDITION

Global warming conference divided, and many blame USA

BYLINE: Ellen Hale

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 655 words

DATELINE:  THE HAGUE


THE HAGUE --Negotiators desperately tried to cobble together a
compromise plan Thursday for implementing an international treaty
on global warming, but many feared a watered-down effort that
would do more harm than good.

Leaders of the United Nations conference on climate change extended
the meeting an extra day, until Saturday, in hopes of reaching
an agreement, but key issues remained divisive, and many countries
blamed the United States for putting the negotiations at risk
of failure.

The meeting was designed to hammer out details of the 1997 conference
held in Kyoto, Japan.

The deliberations hit a low note Wednesday when a protester hurled
a jam-and-cream pie at chief U.S. negotiator Frank Loy, whose
defense of the use of "sinks" as credit for cutting greenhouse
gases has angered many of the 180 countries here. Sinks are forest
and agricultural land that absorbs carbon dioxide. Loy, meanwhile,
proposed establishing a $ 1 billion "bank" in which industrialized
nations contribute a portion of their pledged emissions reductions
to developing countries to help mitigate the impact of global
warming. Carbon dioxide is one of the major greenhouse gases,
which scientists say are gradually accumulating in the atmosphere
and forcing the planet to heat up. The warming is melting glaciers,
pushing up sea levels and causing recent flooding and severe storms,
some scientists say.


While industrialized countries now produce the lion's share of
greenhouse gases, emissions from developing countries will outstrip
them within two decades.

Under the proposal, countries that produce the most emissions
would be the largest contributors to the fund. Loy estimated the
U.S. contribution to the fund would be as much as $ 500 million
over five years.

"It could be a very creative funding mechanism that Congress
and the taxpayer don't have to worry about," said Alden Meyer,
director of government relations for the Union of Concerned Scientists.

Still unresolved, however, were several major issues:

* The United States and Europe continued to squabble over
claiming so-called sinks as credit for reducing emissions.

Critics contend the United States could wipe out more than half
the emissions reduction target it set at the Kyoto conference
by using "loopholes" such as sinks and emissions trading.

Europe also is demanding that a minimum amount of emissions reductions
-- no more than half -- be accomplished through direct domestic
action such as pollution control in each country.

* Some countries, including Russia and Japan, argue there
should be no binding agreement to penalize nations that do not
meet their targets. Europe wants to impose financial penalties,
while the U.S. proposes that emissions debts accrue with interest.
Under the U.S. proposal, countries that don't meet their emissions
target reductions would have to submit a plan for how they will
meet their emissions to target levels.

Whether a treaty on climate change can succeed without the United
States seems doubtful. Under the agreement reached in Kyoto, 55%
of emissions from industrialized countries from 1990 levels must
be covered for the agreement to be ratified. The United States
alone accounts for 36% of emissions from developed countries.

A more "realistic definition of success" may be needed, said
Eileen Claussen, president of the Pew Center on Global Climate
Change. Deliberations are so complex, Claussen said, that it may
not be realistic to resolve all the issues in one sitting.

Treaty talks could be carried over until next year, at a meeting
scheduled in Morocco. "We would rather see some major issues
put off than to have a poor agreement that we must live with for
the next 50 years," Meyer said.

But to not have the United States involved, said French environment
minister Dominque Voynet, "would be scandalous."

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              15 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 10, 2000, Monday, FINAL EDITION

N.Y.'s tax-cutting campaign boosts its image Economic climate heats up business

BYLINE: Richard Wolf

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 1002 words

DATELINE: SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y.


SARATOGA SPRINGS, N.Y. -- Quad/Graphics employed fewer than 500
workers on its bucolic campus here in 1996. It wanted to add catalogs
to fill in the gaps in its magazine-printing schedule, but catalog
companies that bought its services faced hefty sales taxes.

So it successfully lobbied the state for a sales tax exemption.
Today, the company has nearly 1,300 employees spread over 1.2
million square feet of manufacturing space in this picturesque
tourist town. It churns out 12 million catalogs a week when it's
not printing Time, Newsweek, People, Us
or Sports Illustrated magazines.


The tax break for Quad/Graphics was among 156 tax cuts passed
in New York the past six years. Armed with a strong economy and
soaring profits on Wall Street, about 200 miles south of here,
the state embarked on what officials claim is the longest, largest
tax-cutting campaign in the nation. It's a concerted effort to
change the state's reputation as overtaxed, overregulated and
anti-business.

And slowly, it's having an impact.

"Our plant doubled its size within two years of the repeal,"
says Richard Marsel, plant manager at Quad/Graphics. "New York
now is the most tax-friendly state, as far as the printing business
goes."

Because New York's combined state-local tax burden is the highest
in the nation, its effort to slash taxes isn't surprising. Since
1995, it has cut income, business and sales taxes; even the beer
tax was slashed a nickel a gallon.

Not all of the state's 18.2 million residents have noticed. In
the trendy shops and restaurants along Broadway here, just 30
miles north of the state capital, residents still feel overtaxed.
"This is a good place to live, but the tax part has always been
a problem for people," says David Bennett as he stacks newspapers
at Saratoga News Stand.

And in the 1990s, tax cuts have come at a price.

Republican Gov. George Pataki gets credit for rejuvenating the
business climate. However, critics say the state's $ 37 billion
debt, which requires annual payments of $ 3.4 billion, is too high,
its reserve funds too low and its higher education system needs
aid.

The governor even takes a hit from those who say the tax cuts
didn't go far enough. After two years of major reductions, including
a cut in the top income tax rate, "New York went back to its
high-spending ways" in 1997, says Brian Backstrom, vice president
of the anti-tax group CHANGE-NY.

The state has taken pains to burnish its image. Historically,
New York has put labor relations and environmental regulations
ahead of business interests.

"It appeared that New York was in the position of, 'Let's milk
business for everything we can get out of them,' " says Joseph
Dalton, president of the Saratoga County Chamber of Commerce.

Pataki defeated Democratic Gov. Mario Cuomo in 1994, just as the
state was emerging from the last recession. Since then, he has
staked his reputation on cutting taxes and making the state friendlier
to business. The state has cut income and sales taxes every year
since 1995; it has cut 19 different taxes 57 times, in 156 different
ways.

"We have cut taxes by far more than any state in the country,"
Pataki says. "These tax cuts have turned around our economic
climate. We are seeing economic growth at our fastest pace in
43 years."

The state now ranks 35th in percentage of income taxed, down from
22nd in 1990. The combined state and local tax burden, fueled
by high school taxes, remains the highest in the nation.

This year, the state cut another $ 1.3 billion. It slashed utility
taxes and made college tuition deductible. New York also has begun
to rebate some local property taxes that support schools -- by
far the greatest burden on the state's taxpayers.

"We're now seeing the perception of the business climate in this
state changing," says Kevin O'Connor, president of the Albany
region's Center for Economic Growth, which united local government
officials last month in a campaign to attract high-technology
firms.

The benefits have rolled through the state gradually, beginning
in New York City and moving north. Here in Upstate New York, private
employment growth has been rising since 1997.

Last year, it exceeded the national average of 2.3%.

Among the signs of progress:

* In the Hudson Valley north of New York City, Philips
Semiconductors announced last month that it would buy an IBM facility
and invest $ 100 million while retaining the 950-member workforce.
Despite the tax burden, "we believe the area provides a business
climate conducive to our growth in the years ahead," chief operations
officer Stuart McIntosh says.

* In the state capital region, Albany Molecular Research
has grown from a private drug research and development company
in 1991 to a $ 44 million company listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange.
It has 280 workers and 130,000 square feet of space. Company chairman
Thomas D'Ambra considered Michigan for expansion until New York
agreed to spend $ 2 million.

* In Saratoga County, the local economic development corporation
supports about 120 projects a year, up from 20 to 30 when times
weren't so good. That creates 2,000 jobs a year, up from 300.
The city's Downtown Business Association welcomed about 50 new
members this year. "The boardrooms of those companies are now
saying, 'Well, New York state is trying harder,' " says Kenneth
Green, president of the corporation.

However, with progress come pitfalls. Liberals say the emphasis
on tax-cutting has starved programs for the poor and middle-class.
Local governments complain that the state has not come through
with promised aid. And the highway between here and Albany is
jammed at rush hour.

Traffic jams are "the kinds of problems that are associated with
progress and prosperity," Saratoga Springs Mayor Ken Klotz says.

"We'd rather be booming than not. We're trying to manage it."

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Alejandro Gonzalez, USA TODAY, Source: Tax Foundation
(Bar graph); GRAPHIC, B/W, USA TODAY (Map); PHOTO, B/W, Tim Roske, AP; Welcome
breaks: Richard Marsel, a plant manager at Quad/Graphics, says, "New York now is
the most tax-friendly state." The company's tax break was among 156 tax cuts the
state passed over the past six years.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              19 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 22, 2000, Friday, FINAL EDITION

USA faces fuel crisis Energy crunch worst in 25 years

BYLINE: Scott Bowles

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1876 words


Faced with a natural gas shortage, soaring oil prices and unprecedented
demands for electricity, Americans are bracing for the worst energy
crunch in a quarter of a century.

It should hit, economists say, about the dead of winter, when
temperatures and resources drop and the need for heat peaks.

The federal government is sounding the alarm.

Energy Secretary Bill Richardson says that oil prices are "dangerously
high" and that he expects an "imminent" decision from President
Clinton on whether to draw from the nation's emergency stash of
oil. The White House has already urged OPEC to increase production
to avoid a global recession. And the nation's governors met this
week in Ohio to discuss energy concerns.


The threat is sparking near panic in some regions of the country.
New England is on a buying binge of wood stoves. Pennsylvania
residents are stockpiling barrels of heating oil in their homes.
Sales of portable generators are brisk in California, where residents
worry about rate increases and more rolling power blackouts.

How did it come to this? Wasn't it just last year when a gallon
of gasoline cost 90 cents?

Though officials don't expect this shortage to compare with the
energy crisis of the mid-1970s, they agree that nearly all Americans
are going to feel it in the wallet. The cost of natural gas --
the country's dominant heating fuel -- will rise anywhere from
25% to 40% during the winter. Crude oil prices are nearing $ 40
a barrel, the highest level since they reached $ 41 during the
Persian Gulf War. That means no relief at the gas pump, where
gasoline costs an average $ 1.60 a gallon. Heating oil will cost
30% more this winter than it did last year.

"There's no need to panic, yet," says Allison Wilkes, an economist
and consultant for California utilities. "We aren't running out
of energy, the way we were in the '70s. But it's going to cost
us a good bit more to get it this winter. It's been a while, but
we're going to have to start thinking about energy conservation
again."

The news isn't all dire. Members of the Organization of Petroleum
Exporting Countries agreed earlier this month to increase its
oil production by 800,000 barrels a day. It takes time to get
oil on line and available -- experts don't expect much relief
for another six to12 months. But help is on the way.

America, in particular, stands to weather the crunch fairly well.
While dwindling crude oil reserves threaten to stall the economies
of India, South Korea and several European nations, many economists
say the bustling U.S. economy should keep inflation down.

And the next time you curse the corner gas station for charging
$ 1.60 a gallon, consider London and Paris, where motorists wait
in line 20 minutes to pay $ 4 a gallon, often to find the station
has run out of fuel.

Energy shakes markets

However, the country will hardly escape the crunch unscathed,
says Ann-Louise Hittle, senior director of world oil at Cambridge
Energy Research Associates in Massachusetts. The energy drain,
she says, is a reminder of how entrenched the country is in the
global economy, and how volatile energy prices can shake markets
worldwide.

"We don't rely on oil as much as we used to," she says. "But
for the oil we do use, we rely on imports more than ever. And
that can leave you vulnerable."

The latest power pinch was not a big surprise. It built momentum
for more than a year, beginning in late 1998. That was when Americans
were enjoying the lowest gasoline prices, adjusted for inflation,
since the Depression.

The low prices came thanks to Asia's economic crisis. When the
region fell into a deep recession, it drastically cut oil imports
and left supplies flush for the rest of the world. Crude oil,
used for both gasoline and heating oil, plummeted to $ 10 a barrel.
Some regions of the USA saw gasoline dip as low as 60 cents a
gallon. The cost of natural gas dipped to $ 2 per 1,000 cubic feet,
less than half what it is today.

Though the oil glut was welcome news to consumers, drilling companies
"couldn't handle the price collapse," Hittle says.

The firms, many of which produce oil and natural gas, curbed exploration
in the face of dwindling profits. OPEC also agreed to cut production
to 5 million barrels of oil a day until prices rose again. They
did, with unexpected swiftness.

As the Asian market recovered and the American economy boomed,
demand for oil soared. With little new exploration, supply has
been slow to catch up and probably won't until next spring.

Commuters paying the price

It has caught the American commuter off guard. Los Angeles resident
Douglas Burke shakes his head watching the gas pump glide past
$ 25 as he filled up his Jeep Cherokee recently.

"I don't know if I can get used to this," the film production
assistant says when the pump finally stops at $ 28. "I bought
this (vehicle) when gas was less than a buck a gallon. I figured
the price would rise some, but not like this. I'm beginning to
wish I got a compact."

Hittle of Cambridge Energy says most Americans were oblivious
to the perils of dirt-cheap crude.

"There is no free lunch," she says. "And we're paying the bill
now."

Consumers might find that electricity bills don't dip much, either,
even though the peak season typically ends with summer when the
use of air conditioning drops. Thanks to deregulation, a scorching
summer and the growth of the high-tech economy, consumers are
vulnerable to the vagaries of the market like never before.

In California, shortages have forced utilities to arrange power-cutoffs
to certain customers, including hundreds of office buildings,
businesses and colleges. Deregulation has left some smaller companies
struggling to provide enough juice to power-hungry homes and businesses
that are increasingly equipped with computers, faxes and other
high-tech gadgets. Rolling outages washed over Silicon Valley
and San Jose for several weeks this summer.

Increasingly, electrical plants use natural gas to generate power.
A spike in gas prices might mean double digit increases in some
customers' bills this winter. San Diego residents have already
seen the possibilities -- their bills tripled this summer because
of deregulation and 100-degree temperatures before the state intervened
to lower costs.

"If we have a normal winter, we should probably be all right,"
says Bill Brier, a vice president with the Edison Electric Institute,
a Washington trade organization of privately owned utilities.
"If it gets extra cold and there's a high demand for heating
oil, that could change things. It's going to depend on the weather."

The Northeast will be particularly vulnerable. More than 35% of
homes there are warmed with heating oil, which has risen from
about 90 cents a gallon last year to more than $ 1.60 currently.

It has left many residents looking for alternative ways to warm
up. Wood-burning stoves are the hot item in New England.

"Sales are booming," says Josh Coutu, manager of Vermont Casting
Factory in Natick, Massachusetts. "We're already backed up three
weeks on installations, and we have four crews running. We thought
last year was busy with Y2K, but this year is busier."

Pennsylvania homeowners are trying to outfox the commodities market
by buying up barrels of heating oil amid predictions that its
price is about to go up. Dave Gourley says he has been working
from "morning to midnight" seven days a week to make deliveries
for Blazczak Home Heat, a heating-oil company in suburban Pittsburgh.
"The panic is on," he says.

Not for Theodore Jones. The school bus driver from Cambridge,
Md., paid $ 1,190 this summer for the 1,000 gallons of fuel he'll
use to heat his home this winter. Jones paid just $ 1.19 a gallon
-- a bargain by today's standard. But the deal isn't so sweet
when compared with the 78 cents a gallon he paid in the summer
of 1999.

In mulling whether he beat the utilities, Jones shrugs. "It's
one of those things that I, as an individual consumer, have no
control over," the school bus driver says. "It's all controlled
by the oil companies and the oil-producing nations."

The cash option

For some, there will be no option other than doling out more cash.

For the American trucker, every nickel-a-gallon fuel spike means
an additional $ 1,000 in operating costs every month. That could
mean price hikes down the road on all goods shipped by truck,
from produce to computers, says New York transportation stock
analyst Josh Bergman. "It's impossible to say how much of the
cost will get passed on to consumers, but I wouldn't bet on much
relief at the grocery store this winter," he says.

Fliers shouldn't be immediately affected by the crunch, Bergman
says. The airline industry's terrible record of late flights this
summer has sparked a fare war that should offset fuel-price increases
for the next six months.

Commuters will have no such luck. AAA says the increase in fuel
prices means that two-car households will spend $ 410 more this
year to drive than last year -- if prices don't rise any more.

The White House is under increasing pressure to do something about
the price hikes, namely tapping the Strategic Petroleum Reserve,
about 570 million barrels of crude oil stored at four sites in
Texas and Louisiana. The reserve is to be used only in the case
of a national supply emergency.

It's up to consumers

Short of federal intervention, however, energy officials say it's
up to individuals to lessen the blow.

Former U.S. representative Joseph Kennedy, who now runs Citizens
Energy Corp. in Boston, says that consumers cannot trust the promises
of OPEC and other energy exporters. Kennedy, who spoke at a Massachusetts
Statehouse hearing last week, says his state is in the midst of
"a heating oil crisis."

"Anyone who thinks it isn't real hasn't spoken to the elderly
woman I visited some time back," says Kennedy, whose not-for-profit
group supplies low-income families with low-cost heating oil.

"She has to keep her gas stove running to stay warm. The fact
is a lot of OPEC countries have never been great fans of the U.S.,
and they take some joy in watching us squirm," Kennedy says.

The nation's governors huddled this week to discuss plans for
their own states to battle rising energy costs. Alaska Gov. Tony
Knowles said interest has grown in tapping the natural gas reserves
in Alaska's North Slope.

In the past, the low price of natural gas was not enough to justify
constructing pipelines from Alaska to the continental USA. Knowles
said that could change, despite protests from environmental groups.
Some industry observers say the answer is simpler.

"The fact is, costs are going to be higher this year, regardless
of where you live and what you use for energy," says economist
Wilkes. "We should be looking at age-old solutions. Weatherstrip
your windows. Turn down the thermostat when you're not at home.

"It's simple advice, but it's gotten us through hard times before."

Contributing: Tom Fogarty, Jessie Halladay and John Larrabee

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Julie Snider, USA TODAY, Source: Energy Information
Administration (Pie chart); GRAPHIC, B/W, Frank Pompa, USA TODAY, Source: Energy
Information Administration (Line graph); PHOTO, B/W, Ted S. Warren, AP

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              22 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 24, 2000, Friday, FINAL EDITION

'We hope things will improve' Beyond shifts in ideology, Russians want change

BYLINE: Steven Komarow

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 1062 words

DATELINE: DESNA, Russia


DESNA, Russia -- The drivers gathering for a smoke at this makeshift
truck stop talk about Russia's presidential election on Sunday
as if the country itself is about to refuel its vast empty tanks.

Russia needs to get moving, they agree, and where it goes is less
important than that it just moves. "There has to be some kind
of change, because there has been stagnation for too long," trucker
Gena Manko says.

To outsiders, Russia seems to have undergone colossal change.
In a little more than a decade, it has moved from dictatorship
to democracy and from communism to capitalism.

But to many ordinary Russians, those changes have meant more of
the same: The powerful do well while the peasants suffer. "Everything
has fallen apart in the villages," says Sasha Petrakov, leaning
on his rig at this muddy turnout 25 miles south of Moscow. "Only
Moscow and St. Petersburg, they flourish."

The promise of capitalism evaporated with the collapse of the
ruble in 1998. Now, investment has dried up as foreign companies
that came in the early 1990s have been scared off by overregulation
and widespread corruption.

So when Russians talk about change today, they aren't talking
ideological swings. They're discussing practical needs such as
health care and jobs, improvements impossible to generate in a
dilapidated economy.

"We hope things will improve somehow," says Liubov Chebotaryevo,
46. She works seven days a week in a food shop in tiny Krasnoya
and has seen the struggles. "The pensioners have only enough
money for bread, for rolls. They only buy the simple things."

Her hope is that acting President Vladimir Putin, the odds-on
favorite in Sunday's presidential election, will breathe new life
into a local factory that makes construction materials. Hundreds
lost their jobs when the Communist system collapsed and the plant
was partially closed.

"Maybe when he comes to power, he'll do something. He's younger,"
she says.

It seems certain he will get the chance. The latest polls showed
Russian voters ready to elect the former KGB agent outright to
a four-year term. Two Moscow institutes predict that he will get
more than 50% among Russia's 108 million voters, well ahead of
a long list of rivals and enough to avoid a runoff election. Gennady
Zyuganov, the Communist, is next at just more than 20%.

Putin, 47, was named acting president by Boris Yeltsin when Yeltsin
resigned on New Year's Eve. He has expertly played upon Russia's
angst, with considerable help from the Kremlin-controlled media.
He promises a "dictatorship of law" to fight corruption and
to welcome foreign investment. He pledges a 50% boost in spending
on weapons production.

When Putin suggested that Russia should give him more than 50%
of the vote to avoid the expense of a runoff, few laughed.

Money is that tight, and many saw the gesture as Putin wanting
"to get on with it."

Putin's relative youth, compared with Yeltsin and the Communist
leaders of the past, is an important part of his appeal.

"He's a live person. Full of action," says Petrokov, the truck
driver. "Before, they were old men."

But like voters everywhere, Russians are used to hearing promises
they know won't be fulfilled. So they seize on things less tangible.
"We know much too little about him," says Ludmilla Rukosuyeva,
walking with her granddaughter in the village of Krasnoya. "We
need to know more about his positions, his life."

Putin, largely unknown before Yeltsin made him prime minister
last summer, has been vague on both counts. He promises to carry
out economic reforms, but what kind and how much he can accomplish
remain to be seen. Liberals worry that many of his "reforms"
in the name of government efficiency will make Russia less democratic.

Putin offers even fewer details on his personal life beyond his
spy career that took him to West Germany. After the fall of communism,
Putin became a senior administrator in the local government of
St. Petersburg, formerly Leningrad.

Since taking over as acting president, Putin says, he has not
campaigned, but he has hardly taken refuge behind Kremlin walls.
He regularly courts Russian TV, providing photo ops at work in
Moscow and in the provinces.

He portrays himself as young and vigorous, strong and practical.
He recently flew aboard a Russian fighter jet to visit Russian
troops in Chechnya.

Putin's prosecution of the war against the breakaway republic
has been a major factor in his popularity.

He will need considerable public backing to fend off growing unhappiness
over the Russian economy.

Not only are factories idle, but farms aren't producing enough
feed grain for the livestock. The government is months behind
in payments to soldiers, teachers and railway workers. The International
Monetary Fund suspended lending to Russia last fall because of
corruption, laws that discriminate against foreign investment
and the war in Chechnya.

Russia's economy has stabilized since the crash of the ruble in
1998. But it has not rebounded, except for a rise in the stock
market that was based on hopes that Putin will follow through
with his promise of a more favorable business climate. That includes
a vow to crack down on the Oligarchs, Russia's term for a group
of wealthy and ruthless businessmen who rose to prominence after
communism fell.

In a recent interview on state radio, Putin said that if he can't
create "equal conditions for everyone, then we cannot pull the
country out of the condition it is in today. We have before us
several large-scale main tasks. It is the fight against poverty
and against crime."

Eschewing equality is no small matter in a country spoon-fed ommunist
nostrums of a classless society. But none of the Russians interviewed
outside Moscow expresses any yearning for the old system -- suggesting
perhaps that capitalism has begun to take root. "I am 53. That
means I have lived through different periods of history. Today,
there are more opportunities," Rukosuyeva says.

Though some complain about state jobs drying up, she says her
five children and three grandchildren can use their talents better
than they could under the old system. That doesn't mean everyone
is happy. "The Russian people get used to anything," Rukosuyeva
says.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Steven Komarow, USA TODAY; PHOTO, B/W, Alexander
Zemlianichenko, AFP; Discussing presidential politics: Russian truckers, from
left, Nikolai Busheyev, Sasha Petrakov and Gena Manko agree that 'there has been
stagnation for too long.' Russia will elect a president Sunday.  Front-runner:
Moscow Mayor Yuri Luzhkov, left, speaks to acting President Vladimir Putin,
right, about subway development Thursday in Moscow. Some voters hope Putin can
rejuvenate the country.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              25 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 27, 2000, Friday, FIRST EDITION

Dearth of a salesman: Gore offers little to close the deal

BYLINE: Walter Shapiro

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A; Hype & Glory

LENGTH: 996 words

DATELINE: DAVENPORT, Iowa


DAVENPORT, Iowa -- His suit coat off and the sleeves of his white
shirt rolled up, Al Gore stands on a vintage fire truck at a village
intersection Thursday afternoon railing against "special interests."
From a crane above the vice president's head, an oversized American
flag flaps, seemingly responding to every changeable gust of the
political winds.

This is Gore as he wants to be seen in the closing days of the
campaign, an old-style populist crusader who will devote every
ounce of muscle, mind and lungs to fighting for the people. And
if the Democratic nominee prevails on Nov. 7, when the zigzag
lines of the polls are finally replaced by votes, a new statesmanlike
image of President Gore will eradicate the populist posturing
and memories of the false starts and the failed strategies that
have so often characterized his campaign.


Right now, however, traveling with Gore is akin to going on a
sales trip with Willy Loman, watching him out there on a smile
and a shoeshine, never quite able to close the deal. This is not
to transform Gore into a tragic figure on the order of Arthur
Miller's dying salesman. He is more baffling than beaten-down,
a hardworking huckster who always gets in the front door but can't
seem to inspire enough customers to buy what he has in his bulging
sample case.

In a high-decibel stump speech of nearly 40 minutes, Gore laboriously
outlines both the obvious and obscure arguments to justify what
have become his twin signature issues: a Medicare prescription-drug
benefit and a "bill of rights" for HMO patients. But as he laments
the clout of the pharmaceutical companies and explains the intricacies
of drug pricing, one can see heads turn and attention wander as
Iowans become fascinated by Secret Service sharpshooters and enterprising
news photographers in trees.

Gore's hot-and-cold platform style even extends to global warming.
For all his voice-in-the-wilderness prescience on climate change,
for all the dire forebodings contained in a United Nations report
released this week, Gore insists on discussing the environment
in the narrowest political terms. In almost a parody of the children-first
style that characterizes his campaign rhetoric, he says about
air pollution, "One of the leading reasons kids miss school is
the increased incidence of asthma."

What is it with Gore? Why can't the well-versed vice president,
the rightful heir to an economy so buoyant that it would make
the Great Gatsby envious, a candidate who has mastered the issues
and the teachings of the best consultants in the Democratic Party,
defeat an inexperienced Texas governor who has problems with English
syntax?

In search of an explanation, let's not overhype the limitations
of Gore's natural charm and charisma. Not every president has
been as camera-confident as Ronald Reagan and Bill Clinton. Remember
that well into the television era, Americans not only endured
watching presidents Lyndon Johnson and Richard Nixon fill their
TV screens every night, but they actually voted for these less-than-lovable
cusses in landslide proportions.

No, there's something deeper at work that explains why Gore is
fighting a desperate two-front war, battling George W. Bush for
the middle while watching a portion of his left flank desert to
Ralph Nader. In debates and on the campaign trail, he has failed
to make a strong affirmative case for why he wants to be president.

That's an odd complaint to make about a candidate who has dedicated
gigabytes of Web space to outlining his projected budget and policy
priorities. But in that spider web of details, there is a void
at its center, a lack of an overarching theme. Here is Gore, a
candidate who should be hailed for quickly logging onto the potential
of the Internet, running as the don't-rock-the-boat candidate
in the first election of a new millennium.

Quad Cities viewers who flicked on Good Morning America Thursday
would have seen a new Republican ad slamming Gore for shiftiness.
Midway through the spot, an off-screen voice-of-doom narrator
declares, "Now Gore promises smaller government, but Gore's actually
proposing three times the spending that President Clinton proposed,
wiping out the surplus and creating a deficit again."

Let's not tarry over the questionable assertions in that GOP commercial
(the charge that the Gore economic plan would bring back deficits
is a stretch even by the Pinocchio standards of campaign ads),
and focus instead on the argument. In traditional fashion, Republicans
are claiming that, despite his small-government talk, Gore is
really one of those hated tax-and-spend liberals.

Gore, according to projections by the liberal-leaning Center on
Budget and Policy Priorities, would spend $ 1.4 trillion of the
anticipated federal budget surplus over 10 years on new programs
and tax cuts. After nearly two decades of parched ambitions because
of budget realities, this is indeed a liberal spending spree compared
with the Bill Clinton of 1992 or even the Michael Dukakis of 1988.

Gore's problem -- and it limits his appeal to Nader voters and
independents -- is that he has comparatively little to show for
the $ 1.4 trillion. Democrats are supposed to be the bold thinkers,
but what major problem has Gore solved with this money?

OK, prescription drugs for the elderly, a narrow issue that currently
affects only 12 million Medicare recipients. But where amid the
targeted tax credits, the cautious steps toward health care reform
and the determination not to change a hair on the gray head of
Social Security is the transcendent idea that will inspire the
electorate? Gore's populist pretensions cannot mask the reality
that, in politics, running scared and thinking small is usually
a ticket to defeat.

***

Walter Shapiro's column appears Mondays, Wednesdays and Fridays.
Contact him at wshapiro@usatoday.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              27 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 18, 2000, Monday, FINAL EDITION

In Tibetan ice, a chilling history of global warming

BYLINE: Tim Friend

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 11D

LENGTH: 523 words


The study of ice cores is adding to a growing body of evidence
that Earth has heated up over the past century.

The latest findings, reported in the current issue of the journal
Science: Ice cores removed from a glacier in the Himalayas
suggest that temperatures in southern Asia over the past five
decades are the warmest in 1,000 years.

The analysis of cores, taken from an ice field on the flank of
a 26,293-foot mountain peak in Tibet, found that temperatures
have risen for 50 years and that the past decade was the warmest.
The cores also recorded changes in the monsoon cycles over 800
years that resulted in catastrophic droughts in southern Asia.

Ice cores hold a climate record that is as old as the ice field
from which they are taken. Ice fields studied in the mountainous
regions of Tibet range in age from 40,000 years to 400,000 years.
The cores can reveal periods of heavy snowfall or drought, annual
temperatures, and many other components of climate, says Lonnie
Thompson of Ohio State University, who led the latest research.

Of particular concern from this study and two previous studies
by the same team is the shrinking of snow caps or ice fields on
some of the world's tallest mountains along the middle latitudes.

For at least the past 10,000 years, these permanent ice fields
have been an essential source of water for most of the world's
population.

As most schoolchildren learn, snow and ice accumulate in the winter
atop mountains, then melt in the spring and summer to provide
water for rivers. Those rivers are essential for agriculture and
provide drinking water for billions of people.

But as the snow peaks shrink, the amount of water cascading down
to the rivers will diminish. Scientists in India have found that
situation occurring in the Himalayas.

The Ohio State team has studied ice fields in Peru, the Himalayas
and on Africa's Kilimanjaro over the past 25 years.

"The ice fields are losing mass. It's hard to get a handle on
whether that is due to a reduction in precipitation or due to
warmer temperatures," says Ellen Mosley-Thompson, part of the
Ohio State research team. "The indications are that it is from
warming. The implications are severe for the regions that rely
on permanent ice fields for continued flow of water in the rivers.
In South America, the ice fields are diminishing, and the same
is happening in the Himalayas."

Kilimanjaro has lost about 75% of the mass of its ice field since
1900.

Other research reported recently has found similar reductions
in the size of glaciers and in the thickness of ice sheets in
the northern polar latitudes. The Antarctic Peninsula also is
undergoing a rapid rate of warming.

"Something unusual is happening in the climate history of the
20th century," Mosley-Thompson says. "If it is due to human
activity, and I happen to believe that is highly probable, I think
we are just on the cusp of getting the answers. But the diminishment
of water resources is occurring now, and the impact will be felt
long before we have the answers to global warming."

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W; Climate record: Researcher Lonnie Thompson and field
assistant Mary Davis with a fresh ice core on Mount Kilimanjaro.

TYPE: SCIENCE

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              30 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    April 26, 2000, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Current spell of HRs deciphered

BYLINE: Gary Mihoces

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 1165 words


The book Baseball's Greatest Quotations credits former
major league pitcher Jack Aker with a 1973 explanation for a barrage
of home runs:

"It's the underground nuclear testing. Because of that, all gravity
is leaving the Earth. And so are the baseballs."

Homers are flying again this spring. We've had grand slams galore
and back-to-back homers in bunches.


It's only April. But at this rate, the 2000 season is on pace
to surpass last year's all-time record of 5,528 homers.

Forget one, simple Big Blast Theory. There are many possible explanations.
USA TODAY's Gary Mihoces puts forth an alphabetical roundup:

AAA pitching vs. big-league hitting

Where have you gone Sandy Koufax? Pitching is thin. Part of it
is dilution through expansion. Four new teams in the 1990s means
more than 40 pitchers who otherwise would be in the minors or
in retirement.

Bulging batters, bigger muscles

Check out the forearms and shoulders on so many batters. They
look like they belong in Mel Kiper's NFL draft report. Baseball
players used to play golf in the offseason. Now, they're pumping
iron.

Conspiracy in Costa Rica?

"It's not a baseball. It's a Maxfli," Chicago Cubs first baseman
Mark Grace says of this year's ball. What's up at the Rawlings
factory in Costa Rica? Are we getting golf balls (Maxflis) in
the guise of baseballs? Are they more tightly wound? "It's made
the exact same way with the exact same materials," says Scott
Siebers of Rawlings. "Every year, the media raise the questions,
and we just have the same answer to tell."

Diminished strike zone

There is general agreement the strike zone has shrunk over the
last decade. By rule, it's supposed to be from the top of the
knees to the "nipple line." In reality, it's more like the top
of the knees to the belt line.

Economics: Clouts mean cash

A player who can break up a double play is a real contributor.
But check out the higher reaches of baseball's salary list, and
you'll see the big boppers such as Mark McGwire and Sammy Sosa.

Friendly fields

The Houston Astrodome was hardly a launching pad for home runs.
But balls are flying out of its replacement, Enron Field. Not
all new stadiums are so hitter friendly. But, generally, the trend
is toward cozier ballparks.

Global warming

If you put a ball in the freezer overnight, then drop it on the
your kitchen floor, you'll see it loses bounce. Baseballs are
more lively in warm weather than cold. Consider this recent comment
by D. James Baker of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration:
"Our climate is warming now at a rate faster than any other time
in our instrumental records."

Hype & highlights

Like dunks in basketball, home runs make the TV highlights. Deep
drive! Way back!

Inside pitching, a lost art

Some pitchers used to make their living on the inside edge of
the plate. Throw inside now, and a batter might charge the mound.
Some hitters also are wearing veritable batting armor on their
forearms and shoulders.

Juiced for distance

See C (Conspiracy in Costa Rica?)

K stands for strikeout

Are more players swinging for the fences? Fifty years ago, there
were about seven strikeouts a game. In recent seasons, there have
been about 13 K's each game.

Lighter lumber

Babe Ruth swung 44-ounce bats. Many hitters today use bats weighing
about 30-31 ounces. They prefer shaved down, skinny handles and
big meaty ends. Who cares if they snap with regularity? Bat speed
is where it's at.

Mac-Sosa effect

When other players saw all the attention heaped on McGwire and
Sosa during their 1998 Home Run Derby, the allure of the long
ball had to be heightened.

Nutrition, no joke

Babe Ruth ate hot dogs. Imagine what the Sultan of Swat would
have done on a balanced diet. The eating habits of players have
improved.

Opposite field, same results

Batters big and small are hitting lots of opposite-field home
runs.

Pop at short

Remember when shortstops used to be wiry guys who batted .250
and rarely hit homers. Now, there are slugging shortstops such
as Seattle's Alex Rodriguez, Boston's Nomar Garciaparra and the
New York Yankees' Derek Jeter.

Quicker bats

See B (Bulging batters) and L (Lighter lumber).

Reduced foul territory

The new stadiums tend to have less room in foul territory. That
means fewer chance for batters to be retired on pop fouls and
more chances to hit long balls.

Something extra

In medical circles, androstenedione is known as a "precursor"
to testosterone. For the International Olympic Committee, the
NFL and the NCAA, that makes it a banned substance just like muscle-building
steroids. However, it is sold over the counter in the USA because
the federal government classifies it as a dietary supplement.
Andro is not banned by baseball. McGwire says he stopped using
it last season. How many other sluggers do use it?

Tale of the tape

Based on stadium dimensions and mathematics, the distance of each
homer now is recorded under a system devised by IBM. This contributes
to home run mania.

Under the lights

Illumination is better for night games.

Video study

NFL players aren't the only ones who study game videos. Baseball
players are doing it, too.

What you see

Does the addition of the Major League Baseball logo on this season's
ball help a batter judge which way it is rotating? ESPN has posed
that theory. If you can read the rotation, you can tell whether
it's a breaking ball or a fastball.

X XXL

See B (Bulging batters, bigger muscles), N (Nutrition, no joke)
and S (Something extra).

Yarns & kangaroo balls

In 1920, there was the kangaroo theory: Balls jumped off the bat
because they were wound with Australian yarn. For the record,
Rawlings says it uses domestic yarn, 85% wool.

Zimmer's prophecy

"This new baseball is like a golf ball. I think there are going
to be a lot more dents put in the wall at Fenway Park this year."
Actually, Don Zimmer made that comment before the 1977 season
when he was manager in Boston. But homers keep coming. Who knows?
If they get too commonplace, fans might be catching something
else -- a few ZZZs.


Home runs this season

Through Monday's games

Home runs: 734

Games played: 282

At-bats per home run: 26.4

Record: 30.2 (1999)

Highest: 329.0 (1907)

Home runs per game: 2.6

Through April 24, 1999: 2.2

Record: 2.3 (1999)

Lowest: 1.98 (1907)

Season record: 5,528 (1999)

Current home run pace: 6,325

Grand slams

Grand slams: 25

Games played: 282

At-bats per grand slams: 774.1

Record: 1,112.1 (1996)

Highest: 39,132 (1900)

Season record: 141 (1996)

Current grand slam pace: 216

Stadiums

Most home runs per game:Skydome (Toronto)/4.1

Kauffman (Kansas City)/3.7

Enron (Houston)/3.6

Fewest home runs per game:Yankee (New York)/1.3

Comerica (Detroit)/1.4

Fenway (Boston)/1.4

Source: Elias Sports Bureau



LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Pat Sullivan, AP; PHOTO, B/W, National Baseball Hall of
Fame and Museum via AP; PHOTO, B/W, Allsport; PHOTOS, B/W, Ezra O. Shaw,
Allsport (2); No need to go long to go long: Cardinals slugger Mark McGwire and
the Astros' cozy new Enron Field are a lethal combination. In this April 10
game, the teams combined for eight home runs, including one by McGwire.  Popeye:
The Devils Rays' Jose Canseco is among the pumped power guys.  Good field, good
hit: Derek Jeter, one of the new shortstops with power. Babe's big bat: Players
today use lighter models to generate more bat speed.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              32 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 28, 2000, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Wonk gives way to two-stepping Campaign Guy

BYLINE: Martin Kasindorf

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 783 words


Vice President Gore, a serious government official, is turning
into Al Gore, a candidate who is showing a greater joy in campaigning.

Day by day, the policy wonk who made his reputation on nuclear
arms and global warming is growing more relaxed as a campaigner.

"Oh, that's a pretty baby there!" Gore called out to beaming
parents Aug. 18 as he pulled into the Mississippi River hamlet
of Seneca, Wis., on a paddlewheeler. At a crossroads truck stop
in Grandview, Iowa, Gore halted his motorcade to autograph a giant
cantaloupe for Mark Temple, 11.


After delivering a fired-up speech to a midnight rally in Clinton,
Iowa, the vice president rocked on the stage with his wife, Tipper,
to a band playing Stevie Ray Vaughan's 1983 hit Pride and Joy.
Iowa Gov. Tom Vilsack and his wife, Christie, felt compelled to
dance, too. Next day, Gore said he was savoring a news account
that said Vilsack was "stiff."

Long standoffish with his traveling press corps, Gore has become
more accessible since the Democratic convention. TV networks that
ask tough questions, not just local TV stations, get interviews.
Twice during a four-day riverboat cruise through Midwestern swing
states, Gore invited the press pack to join his family in viewing
the sunset from the top deck, with chitchat off the record. Later,
when a reporter asked whether a lack of sleep on the trip was
making him "goofy," Gore blinked his eyes rapidly and assumed
a goofy expression. That was on the record.

Karenna Gore Schiff, 27, says her dad's well-received selection
of Sen. Joe Lieberman of Connecticut as his running mate helped
the campaign begin shaking off a hunkered-down period of doubt.
"It's just lifted everyone's spirits and given us a feeling of
fresh purpose and momentum," she says.

Gore's convention speech was a hit, judging by a subsequent bounce
in the polls. Gore felt "inspired," Schiff says. "He's coming
out and hitting his stride."

Gone, apparently, is one of Gore's earlier handicaps: a ponderous,
teacherlike manner of speaking. Whoever coached him to deliver
his acceptance speech at a normal pace, the lesson is generally
being applied.

He's still a long way from consistently effective oratory. Speaking
on defense policy to the Veterans of Foreign Wars in Milwaukee
on Tuesday, Gore raced through important parts and stepped on
his applause. Before a friendly audience of Jewish seniors at
a retirement community in Tamarac, Fla., on Wednesday, he lurched
from a conversational tone to a fiery, abrupt conclusion.

Sometimes, Gore's attempts to overcome his wooden image are all
too obvious. He stretches rallies beyond schedule, promising to
stay as long as it takes to shake every hand. It's reminiscent
of singer Wayne Newton sweating through encore after encore.

Mostly, Gore confronts his bookish reputation by turning it into
a virtue. Repeating his convention line that "the presidency
is not a popularity contest," he draws an implicit contrast with
his less detail-oriented Republican opponent, Texas Gov. George
W. Bush, by warning that he's about to risk boring listeners with
"specifics" on taxes and health care.

Sometimes the ploy falls flat. "Anybody have any questions on
any of the issues?" he asked in Seneca. Nobody did. He refined
the approach in Tamarac. "Do you want to hear generalities and
platitudes," he asked, "or would you rather hear about issues
and specifics?" Loud applause made the choice clear.

Gore sticks to his boilerplate stump speech with discipline, selling
his basic message that he'll "fight for working families." He
keeps grueling hours on the trail, talking himself hoarse from
early-morning TV interviews to late-night fundraising dinners.

He warms up crowds with two folksy tricks connecting him to the
families he talks about. First, he mentions that he and Tipper
recently celebrated their 30th wedding anniversary and asks for
a show of hands. "Anyone here been married for 50 years? Sixty?
Wow. This is a stable community." Next, the new grandfather determines
who in the crowd has the most grandchildren. The record response:
38.

His methods are often corny. But when darkness falls and a big
outdoor crowd is screaming, Gore can reach heights of impromptu
eloquence. In Clinton, Iowa, he asked the crowd to have faith
in him, to "push past the fear of disappointment, being let down,
disillusionment. We've all been there."

He is at his best when Tipper is on hand to keep him loosened
up, as she was that night. They have decided they are so effective
together that they'll do more joint campaigning than originally
scheduled.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Jim Bourg, Reuters; Party on, Al: Democratic presidential
nominee Al Gore and his wife, Tipper, enjoy a dance during a campaign rally Aug.
19 in Clinton, Iowa.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              35 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 27, 2000, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Candidates' environmental fixes rely on different tools

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 26A

LENGTH: 1174 words


The news this week that the Earth's surface temperatures may increase
by as much as 10 degrees during the next century had at least
one positive aspect: It illuminated the stark differences between
Al Gore and George W. Bush on environmental issues.

Gore is convinced that climate change is real. Bush says more
research is needed. Gore is all about federal oversight. Bush
is all about private-sector solutions.


Ideally, environmental objectives would be achieved by splitting
that difference, harnessing the power of market forces and private-sector
self-interest (with the help of federal incentives, mandates and
standards) to improve the air and water, to conserve wild lands,
to protect endangered species, and so on.

Both candidates subscribe to that model to one degree or another.
But they approach it from very different perspectives.

On the one hand is Gore, federal-policy maven and longtime environmental
activist. He represents a tradition of top-down mandates. He supports
tougher clean-air standards for smog and soot, and helped negotiate
the Kyoto Protocol, which, if ratified, would impose sharp limits
on the gases that cause global warming.

On the other hand is Bush, who represents the Western tradition
of entrusting stewardship to local governments and the private
sector.

Plainly, Gore as president would be a more aggressive environmental
defender. But his Washington perspective could blind him to federal
heavy-handedness. The same kind, for example, that has kept the
Environmental Protection Agency from remedying problems with its
car-emission inspection program, the use of sewage sludge as fertilizer
and its mandate for gasoline additives that contaminate groundwater.
At times, the EPA has protected its regulatory schemes, even when
its own scientists questioned them.

Moreover, Gore's complex manipulation of the tax code to achieve
environmental goals (one plan would provide $ 2 billion in tax
cuts to control urban sprawl) is not the same as freeing market
forces.

Yet, Bush's plan poses even greater concerns. To his credit, he
is eager to support clean-fuels technology and has experimented
with private-sector initiatives to encourage conservation. Compared
to others in his party, this makes him downright progressive.

But Bush also derides 30 years of federal environmental controls
as a "model of mandate, regulate and litigate." And his Texas
record is not a shining example of environmental leadership. He
boasts of a 14% reduction in pollutants from 1995 to 1998, as
measured by the federal Toxic Release Inventory (TRI). But overall,
Texas ranked just 27th in reductions during the same time frame.
Meanwhile, Houston surpassed Los Angeles last year for the smoggiest
air, and leads the race this year, too.

What happens if the Bush model of voluntary and ground-up environmental
policy fails on a national scale? Even the vaunted TRI, which
has inspired industries to cut toxic emissions by 70,000 tons
since 1995, doesn't work in every specific case. And some types
of environmental problems -- forest health, the need to ban certain
poisons outright -- don't lend themselves to market-based controls
one way or the other.

Ultimately, Gore is the candidate for those who want to ensure
aggressive environmental protection even at the risk of heavy-handed
federal intervention. Bush is the man for those who think environmentalism
has gone too far. That's a pretty clear choice, and at the start
of the hottest century in thousands of years, it's one worth sweating
out right away.

TEXT WITHIN GRAPHIC BEGINS HERE

Incentives work

The federal Toxic Release Inventory merely requires industrial
polluters to submit annual, public reports on their emission --
nothing more. Yet the program has been an effective environmental
tool, providing information for activists and incentives for polluters
to cut back. Result: a 5.3% reduction in toxic releases between
1995 and 1998.

Total releases (in billions of pounds)

19952.64
19982.50



LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Quin Tian, USA TODAY, Source: Toxic Release Inventory
(Line graph)

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              38 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 23, 2000, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Clinton urges India to show it wants peace

BYLINE: Susan Page

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 431 words

DATELINE: AGRA, India


AGRA, India -- President Clinton urged the Indian Parliament on
Wednesday to curtail the nation's nuclear weapons program and
begin a dialogue with rival Pakistan, warning of catastrophic
consequences if tensions aren't eased.

"In a nuclear standoff, there is nothing more dangerous than
believing there is no danger," he told legislators, who sat silent
during the appeal.

During the Cold War, he said, the Soviet Union and the United
States "came far too close to nuclear war," despite elaborate
safeguards and good intentions.


But Clinton couched his plea in deferential language and acknowledged
the limits of U.S. power to force India to change direction. "Only
India can determine its own interests," he said, drawing pointed
applause. "I do not presume to speak for you or to tell you what
to decide."

After a day of meetings Tuesday, U.S. officials were unable to
cite any substantive change either in India's determination to
pursue its nuclear program or its reluctance to begin meaningful
talks with neighboring Pakistan over violence in the disputed
Himalayan region of Kashmir. Clinton goes to Islamabad, Pakistan,
on Saturday to deliver a similar message to Gen. Pervaiz Musharraf,
who seized power last October.

On Wednesday, after addressing the Parliament in New Delhi, Clinton
flew here to tour the Taj Mahal and announce several environmental
initiatives aimed at promoting clean energy and reversing climate
change. The setting was chosen deliberately: A dirty haze enveloped
the city, which has dozens of iron foundries.

He announced $ 95 million in U.S. aid to promote cleaner and more
efficient energy and $ 200 million in a line of credit at the Export-Import
Bank for clean-energy development projects.

U.S. officials hope Clinton's five-day visit, the first to India
by a president in 22 years, will open a new chapter of closer
relations between the two nations. As huge democracies with diverse
populations, "India and America are natural allies," Clinton
said.

But his plea to Parliament was met with some resistance. "Most
of the world is moving toward the elimination of nuclear weapons,"
he said. "That goal is not advanced if any country, in any region,
moves in the other direction." He urged India to ratify the Comprehensive
Test Ban Treaty, begin negotiations on a treaty to end the production
of fissile materials for nuclear weapons, and strengthen export
controls on nuclear technology.

India and Pakistan shook the world in 1998 with tit-for-tat nuclear
weapons tests.



LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Paul J. Richards, AFP; Time out for tourism: President
Clinton and daughter Chelsea visit the Taj Mahal in Agra, India, on Wednesday.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              41 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 31, 2000, Monday, FINAL EDITION

In charge . . .  and out of control Why pushy people are the way they are, and
how to keep them from rolling over us

BYLINE: Karen S. Peterson

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 1960 words


The term "control freak" is now an equal-opportunity moniker.

Both men and women are being perceived as pushy.

"Usually the phrase 'control freak' conjures up the image of
a man, partly because a man's style tends to be more direct,"
says psychiatrist John Oldham, co-author of The New Personality
Self-Portrait and director of the New York State Psychiatric
Institute.

"But I do think that is changing. As many women assume leadership
positions in the business world, we see controlling behaviors
crossing gender lines," he says.


Women in business take exception to the label, says psychologist
Les Parrott III, author of The Control Freak (Tyndale,
$ 19.99). "Women think they are more likely to be called that
in the workplace now than men. If they show controlling tendencies
at work, they are called control freaks. If men do the same thing,
they are just doing their job."

Parrott takes a close look at a wide range of controlling behavior
in his new book, from folks who display controlling tendencies
to "full-blown, high-octane control freaks." Most folks, he
says, live with control freaks, either at home, at work, in the
neighborhood or "sometimes in ourselves." And most have fallen
victim to one at one time or another.

"The theme song of the control freak should be I Did It My
Way (And You Will, Too)," Parrott says.

He is founder of the Center for Relationship Development at Seattle
Pacific University. His earlier book identified a list of what
he calls High-Maintenance Relationships. Readers wrote
him tales about their least-favorite type: the control freak.

They object to what Parrott calls the tools of the control trade:
"showing false friendliness, giving expensive gifts, making empty
promises, sulking, shouting, nagging, being chronically late,
withholding affection, bullying, badgering or just plain bossing
the people around them."

John Fouts acknowledges control freak tendencies. "I would much
rather drive a car than be driven," says Fouts, 46, of Bowling
Green, Ohio. "I never feel at ease when someone else is driving
any vehicle. I tend to be assertive. I'm never one to shy away
from saying what I think.  . . . I have to fight my natural
instincts. My natural tendency is to roll over people. That is
not a good trait."

His wife, Diane Flores Fouts, 47, says it's her sister who is
the true control freak. "She tries to control me and everyone
else. She thinks the universe revolves around her."

Joseph Lewis says he is married to a woman with control freak
tendencies. "She likes to control things like what movie we rent,
what restaurant we go to, where we vacation," says Lewis, 37,
of Suwanee, Ga. "And she controls what things my son (age 4)
will wear. I might pick something out for him, lay it out, and
then she sneaks in behind me and changes that."

A combination of factors causes controlling behavior, Oldham says.
"It's the result of temperament and the influence of life events
that shape character. Some people are temperamentally more prone
to be this way. Others may have been shaped that way, often with
examples set by family members, parent figures and adult authority
roles."

He identifies controlling aspects in four of the personality styles
he studies, plus tips for coping:

* Conscientious style. "The conscientious style shows
a heightened level of worry and concern. There is only one correct
way to do it, and he happens to know what that is." These folks
can be difficult managers. "They need to triple-check and micromanage."

To live with one: Be humorously tolerant. Don't expect
him or her to change. Avoid arguments and power struggles; the
conscientious must win.

* Self-confident style. "There is an assumed self-importance
rather than worry over a correct way to do things. The world revolves
around this personality style."

To live with one: Pay him a lot of attention. Make your
needs known. Don't tie your self-esteem to his understanding you.

* Vigilant style. "A high level of suspicion and distrust
here. He is going to get screwed unless he looks out."

To live with one: This person needs your respect; show
it. Avoid power struggles. Expect defensiveness. Take the lead
socially.

* Aggressive style. "Control in the most exploitive way.
The aggressive personality style uses people. He tends to be in
charge in a dominating way."

To live with one: Accept his need to be boss. Be strong;
maintain your self-esteem. Work toward compromises that let him
remain top dog.

David Burns, a psychiatrist at Stanford University, cautions that
labeling a spouse or boss a control freak may say as much about
the person doing the labeling as the one being criticized. "You
might be overlooking the fact you are provoking the behavior.
You may be scapegoating someone."

Requiring a sense of control is not all bad, experts stress. "People
need to feel they are in control of their lives rather than seeing
themselves as victims," says David Myers, author of The Pursuit
of Happiness. People who feel in charge are "less vulnerable
to depression and live with greater happiness."

Parrott agrees. "A sense of control is necessary for good emotional
and physical health. But when people use control to dominate everything
around them -- other people, their environment, all situations
-- then they have crossed the boundary into overcontrol."

Steve May, a psychologist in Los Angeles, says the big emotional
issues for those who cross that boundary are "a fear of being
criticized and a fear of being shamed for making errors." Keeping
control enables them to avoid both.

May says he is a bit of a control freak himself. "I hate being
late for anything. My friends would say I set everything up so
I can be five minutes early."

Ann Humphries, an etiquette consultant for business, says she
prefers management by consensus in the office. She promotes the
approach on her Web site (www.eticon.com). But the business climate
demands that she, as a boss, become more controlling. "When my
vendors are not supplying me with the things I need, I fax them
a copy of the check I have already written. But I say it will
not be delivered until I get what I need."

Part of the perception of women as control freaks in the office
may come from the fact that so many of them have started their
own businesses. When those businesses expand, the women have trouble
delegating to others, as do many men, says Jennifer White.

She says that at first she was a total control freak at her own
expanding company, The JWC Group, a success coaching firm. "When
my business exploded, I brought on other coaches," she says.
"They had to follow the processes that worked for me. I knew
exactly what I had to do every week to generate money. The second
I had to rely on others, that pushed a button. If they didn't
do things exactly my way, I thought I would go bankrupt and live
on the streets."

Now she helps others kick the control habit. "You want to influence
others' behavior," she says. "But you don't want to control
them." <>

How to tame a control freak

In The Control Freak, psychologist Les Parrott III outlines
some ways to deal with troublesome controllers, from meddling
managers to the control freak in you.

Meddling manager

"Drown this person with information," Parrott says. "Send them
e-mails, voice mails, memos. If you keep him in the know, he will
come to accept you as trustworthy."

As with any control freak, look at the world from his perspective.
"That helps you relax a bit and not take his or her controlling
behavior too personally. Remember, this manager lives with a dreadful
fear of failure that keeps him from delegating."

Ask for more autonomy, showing how it will increase your productivity.
And know when it is time to move on if you discover it is the
company's policy to over-manage.

Supervising spouse

To cope with him or her, first "take an honest look at yourself."
Frequently, each partner claims that the other wants total control.
"How have you contributed?" Parrott asks.

"Put the problem out there. Talk to your spouse about your feelings
and perceptions." Include specific examples.

Look for creative solutions instead of pointing your finger. "Identify
those things that matter most to you. This will help you keep
from turning every decision into a power struggle and fighting
simply to win."

Finally, set boundaries for where each of you is in charge. "If
you take the kitchen, I'll take the car. The kitchen is an area
that matters more to you than to me."

Pushy adult parent

As with other controllers, "put yourself in your pushy parent's
shoes," Parrott says. "What were the conditions in his or her
childhood home?" Remember, "empathy, more than any other human
quality, helps us cultivate patience."

Find the good in your parent's controlling. "Truth is, we owe
a lot to the protective instincts of both our moms and dads."

What good things came out of your parent's pushy behavior?

Set healthy boundaries. "Saying no is not a selfish act on your
part. It may be one of the most caring things you can do."

Break the family chain of controlling behavior by being aware
of the characteristics and by avoiding passing them on to your
kids.

Identify how you reacted to your parent as a child, and change
the pattern in your adult life. Did you try to be perfect, rebel,
try to shut out stress? That pattern probably still intervenes
in your relationship with your parent, Parrott says.

Forgive as best you can, on your own timetable. "Premature forgiveness
is guaranteed to backfire."

And "take the risk to make a meaningful connection with a pushy
parent. Reach out, even when part of you feels hesitant."

Pushy you

Parrott makes numerous suggestions for the control freak who recognizes
his or her own behavior.

"Slow down. All of us live time-starved lives. We equate busyness
with being important. Unwind. It's the only sure cure for a case
of cranky control."

Reduce your anxiety level. Try massage or exercise, "but the
real cure lies much deeper. At the root of all anxiety is a bewildering
and sometimes terrifying feeling of being out of control."

Grit your teeth and delegate. "Give other people a chance to
do projects that don't require perfection. And once you do so,
live with the job they do. Don't critique it, amend it, correct
it, improve it, upgrade it, or in any other way put your stamp
on it. Look for the good they have done, not the bad. In other
words, show some respect."

Defer to others whenever you can. "Control freaks are notorious
for stepping over other people's ideas and opinions."

Be neither pushy nor a pushover. Don't go completely in the other
direction. "Chances are, people who know you best don't want
you to become Caspar Milquetoast."

Know where you can and can't exert influence. Control freaks try
to control their environment. Don't bring controlling habits home
from the office.

Do one thing at a time. If we get more done in less time, we feel
more in control and less anxious, Parrott says. "Multi-tasking
pushes families and co-workers out of the picture. They become
just one more thing to take care of."

Learn to be led rather than to lead. "Put yourself in places
where you simply have very little control. Pick up a new hobby
or sport, and put yourself in someone else's hands to teach you."

Parrott also offers three "inoculations for curing your control
freak flu: Relinquish control on a daily basis, maximize others'
potential, and admit when you are wrong."

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Sam Ward, USA TODAY

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              42 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 23, 2000, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Albright sets down for visit to N. Korea

BYLINE: Barbara Slavin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 24A

LENGTH: 1054 words

DATELINE: PYONGYANG, North Korea


PYONGYANG, North Korea -- Speaking before Democratic donors in
Seattle last weekend, President Clinton recalled that when he
came into office nearly eight years ago, his foreign policy advisers
told him "the most dangerous place in the world is North Korea."

Sunday, Secretary of State Madeleine Albright arrived in the capital
of that nation to pave the way for a possible historic visit by
Clinton himself.

Albright is the highest-level U.S. representative to visit North
Korea. Though no substantive announcements are expected from the
visit, a senior U.S. official on Albright's jet said the administration
is in the midst of a set of discussions on issues of concern to
the United States. Among the possible outcomes:


* Three-way talks with South Korea on a new security arrangement
easing the Cold War's last division.

* The possible opening of formal diplomatic relations and
announcement of a U.S. intention to remove North Korea from a
State Department list of terrorist-sponsoring states.

* A proposal for the United States to pay Russia to launch
North Korean satellites in return for a permanent freeze on the
North's long-range missile tests.

K.A. Namkung, chairman of Murray Hill, a company promoting U.S.
business in North Korea, says the North is seeking something akin
to the Shanghai communique that was the foundation for
U.S. rapprochement with China in the 1970s. "This is the right
time to put all the pieces together in the last months of the
Clinton administration," Namkung says.

How has it come about that the most senior U.S. diplomat is visiting
a nation that once was the epitome of a pariah state? North Korea
is the country whose missile program has been cited as the main
justification for developing a U.S. missile-defense program. It
also is a country whose leadership was considered so irrational
that it would mount a suicidal attack on U.S.-backed South Korea
rather than give up its obscure brand of self-reliant socialism,
called juche.

The breakthrough in U.S.-North Korean relations, 50 years after
the start of the Korean War, is the outgrowth of changes in the
international environment, a political shift in South Korea and
an economic collapse that forced North Korea to appeal for Western
help.

North Korea has long desired better relations with Washington,
but the main impetus had been to isolate South Korea. Because
of the U.S. effort to preserve South Korea's existence during
the war and the presence of 36,000 U.S. troops there, "the North
Koreans saw the United States as the country which was going to
determine the future of the Korean peninsula," says Don Oberdorfer,
author of The Two Koreas. Pyongyang's overtures started
long ago, he says. "Even when Jimmy Carter was still president-elect,
he got a letter from (then-North Korean leader) Kim Il Sung."

But the United States was not interested at the time. It was repelled
by North Korean acts of terrorism, such as a bombing in 1983 in
Burma that killed four members of the visiting South Korean Cabinet,
and would do nothing to alienate South Korea, an increasingly
successful economy and budding democracy.

The first direct diplomatic contact between the United States
and North Korea was a low-level chat between the political counselor
at the U.S. Embassy in China and a North Korean diplomat in Beijing
in 1988.

Only after intelligence reports showed the North Koreans might
be developing nuclear weapons did Washington sit up and take notice.
The peninsula appeared to be threatened with a new war. The crisis
was defused in 1994 with the "agreed framework." The pact traded
U.S. energy aid and the promise of two South Korean civilian nuclear
reactors for a North Korean freeze on its nuclear program.

At the same time, North Korea began to acknowledge that it was
suffering severe food shortages. The government of Kim Jong Il,
the son and successor of Kim Il Sung, blamed natural disasters.
But the underlying reasons were the North's poor climate and soil,
an inefficient Soviet-style collective agricultural system and
the collapse of barter deals with the defunct Warsaw Pact.

Prompted by humanitarian concerns and fears of a chaotic collapse
that would spew refugees into China and South Korea, the United
States began to feed North Korea through the United Nations World
Food Program. According to the United Nations, nearly 70% of the
$ 635 million in food aid for the North since 1995 has come from
the United States.

By 1997, North Koreans acknowledged their gratitude for U.S. food
aid. More goodwill was built by U.S. Christian groups, which offered
food and medicine without political strings attached.

U.S. Korean War veterans also played a role. Their goal: to get
North Korea to help recover the remains of more than 8,100 Americans
still listing as missing in action in the Korean War.

Those efforts have finally begun to pay off with the recovery
this year of 50 sets of remains -- more than in the past four
years combined.

The last crucial ingredient was change in South Korea. The inauguration
as president in 1998 of Kim Dae Jung led to a new "sunshine"
policy that had a high point in June with a summit between the
leaders of the two Koreas.

Critics of U.S. policy say the administration has been snookered
into propping up a reprehensible regime, which built missiles
while an estimated 2 million of its people died from hunger and
related disease. Henry Sokolski, a former Pentagon official who
directs the Nonproliferation Policy Education Center, says Clinton
is engaged in a "lunge for legacy" to make up for failing to
bring peace to the Middle East.

But Americans who have been visiting North Korea since the early
1990s say U.S. and other foreign interaction have begun to bring
changes akin to those in China as it opened to the West 20 years
ago. "Kids in the street come up and talk to you now in Pyongyang,"
says Kenneth Quinones, a former State Department official who
works with Mercy Corps International, a relief group. "Even soldiers
ask, 'Do you have a picture of George Washington?' -- meaning,
'Do you have dollars?' The foreign virus of capitalism has seeped
in."

Contributing: Tom Squitieri



LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, David Guttenfelder, AP; Edge of the capital: North Koreans
bicycle outside Pyongyang, where Madeleine Albright is visiting.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              45 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 4, 2000, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Finding a safe place to land

BYLINE: Alan Levin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 2752 words

DATELINE: SHEMYA ISLAND, Alaska


SHEMYA ISLAND, Alaska -- If this tiny speck of tundra is known
at all, it is for fierce winds and top-secret intelligence work.
Virtually unseen is the vital role it plays in aviation safety.

An airport here and a constellation of equally remote airstrips
have for decades served as last-ditch havens for fliers traversing
the northernmost regions of the globe.

But as the number of lengthy flights over these areas soars and
airlines clamber to open routes over the North Pole to shave valuable
time off flights from North America to Asia, the long-neglected
rules governing these airports and the flights above them are
under fire.

Some pilots and aviation experts contend that airports like the
one on Shemya are not prepared to handle a major emergency. Indeed,
severely injured passengers on a Chinese jet that made an emergency
landing on Shemya in 1993 lay on stretchers for hours before being
transferred to mainland hospitals. At least two people died in
the incident.


And, the critics say, rules governing such things as how much
fire protection and medical equipment are needed on the jets that
ply these routes are out of date and inadequate. "You have very
few options on the polar route," says Joan Sullivan Garrett,
whose company MedAire Inc. links flight crews with doctors to
handle in-flight emergencies.

A related issue already has sent bitter shock waves through the
aviation world. In January, after an angry debate, the Federal
Aviation Administration granted carriers more flexibility when
flying two-engine jets over the north Pacific. The fight pitted
European regulators against the FAA, Airbus Industrie against
Boeing, its rival in the production of large jets, and some pilot
groups against their employers.

No one is saying the long flights over the world's most desolate
regions pose a dire risk. But, just like the island of Shemya,
officials say this obscure issue is of huge significance to the
future of long-range flights.

Aviation powerhouses like the FAA and Boeing agree. Though both
point to the excellent safety record of these flights, they have
endorsed a re-examination of the rules. Earlier this year, the
FAA assembled dozens of industry experts on a panel to recommend
improvements.

When visibility is zero

At 300 feet above Shemya's runway, visibility is zero. The Boeing
727 supply jet rumbles in amid the hiss of compressed air in the
cockpit and the whine of jet engines outside. But the milky white
veil covering the windshield creates an impression that the jet
has stopped.

Capt. Jon Bergstedt, a pilot for Reeve Aleutian Airways, routinely
flies in conditions like these. In summer months, low-level clouds
and rain blanket the island. In winter, unpredictable, heavy winds
whip the treeless landscape.

Delivering a load of passengers and cargo to this intelligence-gathering
outpost, Bergstedt has descended as low as the rules allow in
bad weather and is heading toward a radio beacon at the end of
the runway. Before he can land, though, he or crewmembers Steve
Wooliver and Trig Bjorklund need to catch sight of the runway.
With only enough fuel for one pass, it doesn't look good.

Co-pilot Wolliver opens his mouth to announce an aborted approach
but before he can speak, Bjorklund barks, "Landing lights."
A pier holding a string of lights pops out of the mist to the
left.

In rapid-fire maneuvers, the pilot turns toward the runway, then
banks back to the right to line up with the rapidly approaching
10,000-foot strip of concrete. The runway is visible now, but
with each turn it appears to rock wildly back and forth in the
windscreen. Within seconds, Bergstedt straightens out, and the
jet kisses the pavement.

"That would be something coming in there in a 777 with one engine,"
Wolliver says a few moments later.

Within range of a runway

That is just what the twin-engine Boeing 777, perhaps the world's
most-advanced jet, is designed to do. And if an engine failure
or other problem occurred midway between North America and Asia,
Shemya is one of the emergency strips pilots would head toward.

An engine failure on a 777 is extremely unlikely. But it does
happen -- 10 times in the 117,800 long-range flights from June
1995 though last March. An engine on American Airlines Flight
129 from San Jose, Calif., to Tokyo stopped shortly after takeoff
on April 4, forcing an emergency landing in San Francisco.

Under FAA rules, airlines that cross the Pacific with two-engine
jets have to take a route that stays within about 1,500 miles
of the nearest approved "diversion" airport so that the aircraft
would fly no more than three hours on a single engine. If an engine
died over the ocean, the pilot would fly toward the closest approved
airport -- north toward Alaska, south to Midway Island, northwest
toward Russia or west toward Japan.

On Shemya, pilots landing in an emergency would find a long runway
and special aircraft firefighting equipment, but not much more.
A few aging aircraft hangers line the airport, which normally
shuts down at 5 p.m. Flights to Anchorage, the nearest large city,
take at least five hours. Because of rapid changes in weather,
the Air Force warns visitors that they could easily be stranded
here for days.

Flying this route with a jet like the 777 would have been unthinkable
just 15 years ago. The foundation of safe flight holds that any
critical system -- with engines at the top of that list -- needs
a backup. For most of the jet age, flying on one engine alone
was to be avoided at all costs.

But modern engines have become hundreds of times more reliable
than the jets introduced in the 1960s. A 777 engine fails about
five times during every 1 million hours of flight, and most of
those failures occur right after takeoff. The chances two engines
would sputter to a stop in a 3-hour span are extremely remote.
Such a failure has never caused an accident.

Just to make sure, the FAA mandates numerous safety measures on
two-engine jets that fly across the oceans or other rugged terrain.

In January, the FAA finalized rules that allow even longer diversions
on two-engine jets. Over the north Pacific, specially equipped
777s can now fly routes that are nearly 3[#189] hours from an
airport, or about 1,700 miles.

Boeing and three airlines -- United Airlines, American Airlines
and Continental Airlines -- wanted the change to give them the
flexibility to keep flying their regular routes when bad weather
socked in diversion airports three hours away. The Air Line Pilots
Association, which represents pilots for United and other carriers,
supported the plan. So far, only a handful of such flights have
been flown.

The proposal drew vehement objections from Airbus -- which sells
the A340, a four-engine competitor to Boeing's 777 that is capable
of similar flights -- as well as American Airline pilots and European
regulators. They said that the change posed an unacceptable additional
risk and argued that, because the FAA did not take into account
wind, the maximum diversion could be even longer than the new
policy envisioned.

An analysis by a consortium of European aviation firms found that
a 207-minute flight on one engine, the maximum length permitted
by the new FAA policy, posed an unacceptable risk. The extended
flights would set back safety enhancements 15 years, the group
said.

"An accident will become a real possibility," Yves Roncin, an
expert with the European Association of Aerospace Industries,
wrote in a letter to the FAA last year.

Airbus, which also sells twin-engine jets, has so far not applied
to extend the length of flights that its jets can take over water.

The rules for older jets

Boeing, the airlines and the FAA insist that the flights are safe.
Most independent aviation safety experts agree. "I think that
the real risk at 180 minutes isn't significantly different from
207 minutes," says John Hansman, director of the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology's International Center for Air Transportation.

However, when the dust settled in this heated debate, all the
parties agreed on one point -- while the world argued the fine
points of safety on two-engine jets, similar issues on three-
and four-engine models that routinely fly over the same areas
fell by the wayside. In some cases, the rules governing their
operation haven't changed in 45 years.

For example, diversions on the four-engine 747, though rare, occur
more than twice as often as on the 777, according to statistics
from Boeing. A similar pattern exists on Airbus' two- and four-engine
jets. Yet an airline can fly a 747 over the North Pole or across
the North Pacific without checking to see that airports along
the route are clear of bad weather.

For two-engine jets to fly across remote areas, an airline must
not only ensure that there is good weather at diversion airports,
but must also certify that the airport has specially equipped
firefighting teams. Three- and four-engine models have no such
requirement.

A cargo fire is just as likely to strike an MD-11, a 747 or an
A340, all of which have three or four engines, as a 777. Yet the
rules governing 777 flights -- and other two-engine jets over
water -- call for cargo bin fire extinguishers that last for more
than 3 [#189] hours. The other jets need only carry cargo fire
extinguishers lasting 30 minutes. (Major U.S. carriers flying
long-distance routes with three- and four-engine jets all have
more fire protection than the law requires, but none have as much
as the 777.)

Northern facilities 'pathetic'

There are other reasons, according to some of the world's top
safety experts, that all jets flying long routes should be treated
similarly.

The protections on two-engine jets flying remote routes are designed
mainly in case of a mechanical failure. But about half of all
diversions occur even though nothing is wrong with the jet, according
to Boeing.

Many are for medical emergencies. An FAA analysis of medical problems
requiring diversions found that they are several times more likely
to occur on a jet carrying 300 people than an engine problem.
Theoretically, the risk would increase on the double-decker A3XX
and the extended 747X, the jets being developed by Airbus and
Boeing to carry as many as 600 people.

Garrett, whose company advises airlines on medical issues, says
she has studied the medical facilities available near airports
in northern Russia, Alaska and the Arctic Circle. They are "pretty
pathetic," she says. Generally, if a passenger became ill on
a polar flight, her company, MedAire, would advise a flight crew
to continue to a modern city like Anchorage rather than fly to
the nearest airport.

As jets get larger and routes more remote, Garrett believes the
airlines and aviation regulators around the world need to start
thinking about requiring more complete medical facilities on board
jets, possibly even a doctor. "If there is nothing on the ground,
there is no point in landing that plane," Garrett says.

For all these reasons, the FAA earlier this year convened an advisory
committee of industry officials, pilots, consumers and government
officials to study safety issues of long-range flights and draft
proposed new rules. "It's just clearly the right thing to do,"
says Thomas McSweeny, the FAA's chief of regulation and certification.

In addition to examining safety on the jets that ply these icy
routes, the advisory board will examine what steps need to be
taken to ensure that airports like Shemya or Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky
in northeast Russia are adequate to meet the growing need for
safe places to land.

Capt. Chester Ekstrand, a Boeing official who is the firm's point
man on long-range flight, says the company has been "pleasantly
surprised" at the quality of the remote airports it has surveyed.
"That doesn't mean we don't have challenges," Ekstrand says.

At Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky, which officials describe as one of
the most modern Russian diversion airports, weather reporting
is not always reliable, for example. At least one diversion airport
is used so rarely that Boeing must financially subsidize it.

Weather, particularly in winter, plagues these northern airstrips.
At Shemya, the winds are so fierce that Pentagon planners say
construction workers can only perform some tasks during one month
of the year, July. (The island is a proposed site for radar that
would be used in the U.S.' long-range missile defense system.)

Pilot groups, even those that support increased flexibility for
long-range flights, say they worry that an emergency evacuation
in a wintry Siberian climate with sub-zero temperatures could
cause as many fatalities as a crash. Others worry that some airports
could close, reducing a pilot's options.

"We'd like to see that there's a building nearby so passengers
can stay warm, that there are medical facilities somewhere nearby,"
says Capt. Michael Cronin, the American pilot and legislative
director for the Coalition of Airline Pilots Associations. "There
is a firefighting requirement, but it is very modest. We'd like
to see that enhanced."

A major emergency

The number of jets that develop problems on long flights is extremely
low. But on April 6, 1993, a China Eastern Airlines flight from
Shanghai to Los Angeles demonstrated what might happen in the
event of a major emergency over the Pacific.

The MD-11, carrying 235 passengers and 20 crew, began oscillating
wildly at 33,000 feet after a pilot accidentally moved a panel
on the wing. The motion tossed passengers around the cabin like
dolls. Air traffic controllers told the pilots to fly north 950
miles to the nearest airport, Shemya.

Two hours after the incident, the jet touched down on Shemya's
windy, snowy runway, according to an official Air Force account.
"The interior structure of the aircraft was significantly damaged.
There was food, blood, vomit and bodies throughout the rear and
central cabin. The stench was that of a 'slaughter house,' "
according to an account of the incident by historians at Elmendorf
Air Force Base.

The evacuation was slowed because the airport had only one stair
that could reach the aircraft exits, the Air Force said. The medical
facility had supplies to treat 30 patients, one-fifth of the 156
victims.

Luckily, though, Shemya was an Air Force base at the time with
a doctor on its small staff. The injured were taken to a hanger
and within hours the most serious were placed on planes and flown
to Elmendorf, near Anchorage. About 10 hours passed from the incident
until the first passengers arrived at hospitals on the mainland.

Two passengers died from their injuries. A flight attendant was
declared brain dead a short time later.

Doctors who treated the injured that day said the delays in treatment
probably did not cause any deaths, but the arrival of so many
casualties severely taxed even the large hospitals of Anchorage.

"It was an extremely busy day," recalls Steven Floerchinger,
a surgeon who treated the victims at Providence Hospital.

Regulators know airports like Shemya are far from perfect, but
they say that's not their purpose. They are a final stopgap in
the event of some major problem like an onboard fire or a mechanical
breakdown, says the FAA's McSweeny.

Still, with two new jet models capable of flying as far as 10,000
miles, farther than ever before, due on the market within two
years and airlines poised to turn demonstration flights over the
North Pole into daily routes, McSweeny and others say the standards
need to be reviewed.

"The international community needs to get on with assuring the
availability of adequate alternate airports for all airplanes,"
says Boeing's Ekstrand.


Ranges extended

As jet engines have become far more reliable in recent decades,
Boeing and Airbus Industrie have been able to make aircraft with
longer ranges

Range
Jet(miles)1
707 6,100
747-200 7,900
747-400 8,400
777, A340 8,800
Longer-range 777-200 and A340-500(2)10,000

1 -- Ranges vary widely, depending on the load a jet carries.
Statute miles are approximate, based on maximum distances typically
flown.

2 -- Under development.

Sources: Pratt & Whitney, Boeing, Airbus Industrie

LOAD-DATE: December 04, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Bob Laird, USA TODAY, Source:USA TODAY research(Map);
PHOTO, color, Michael Madrid, USA TODAY; PHOTO, color, Air Force; Plane in
flight Remote landing place: Shemya Island provides emergency support to
long-range flights over the Pacific.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              46 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 17, 2000, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Climate 'incredible' for mergers, acquisitions Technology helps create market
for consolidation

BYLINE: James Cox

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 630 words


The accelerating pace of corporate consolidation could create
the world's biggest players in drugs, media, banking, wireless
technology and energy, all within a matter of months.

Merger and acquisition activity, torrid since 1993, appears to
be picking up speed as companies previously thought too big to
need or want partners are linking up.

"We're in an unprecedented mergers-and-acquisitions market,"
says Gary Finger, director of M&A at investment bank Houlihan
Lokey Howard & Zukin.


Last week alone:

* AOL announced plans to buy Time Warner in a deal worth
$ 142 billion, based on Friday's stock closing prices. Combined,
they would be the world's biggest media company. The deal itself
would be the largest in history.

* British drugmakers Glaxo Wellcome and SmithKline Beecham
are expected to announce a deal today that would create the world's
biggest drug company.

Also, Warner-Lambert agreed to negotiate a $ 79 billion buyout
by Pfizer, which would make the combined entity the world's No.
2 pharmaceutical company.

* Britain's wireless giant Vodafone pressed on with its
bid to capture German telecommunications firm Mannesmann in a
$ 127 billion hostile takeover attempt.

Mergers and acquisitions involving at least one U.S. company hit
a record $ 1.4 trillion last year, up from $ 1.3 trillion in 1998,
says Mergers & Acquisitions magazine. The climate is
"incredible," editor Martin Sikora says. Behind it:

 * Technology.  The pace of technological change is pushing
consolidation.

Drug companies justify mergers by citing the staggering costs
of research and marketing.

Telecommunications firms are racing to install digital subscriber
lines and other expensive infrastructure so they can expand their
Internet-related business.

Technology also creates "possibilities that put even the biggest
companies at risk that they'll become obsolete," says J. Fred
Weston, takeover specialist at UCLA's Anderson School of Management.
"If they don't enter new areas, they face the risk of being overtaken."

 * Globalization. Barriers to foreign investment have been
falling around the world, and markets have become more interconnected.
Those trends make it easier and more attractive for companies
to make deals across borders.

DaimlerChrysler, a marriage of German and American automakers
into the world's second-largest corporation, said last week that
it is shopping for other vehicle manufacturers.

 * Easy money. Sky-high stock valuations have given companies
the currency they need to make stock-for-stock deals. Low interest
rates have made conventional financing relatively easy, too.

 * Deregulation. Relaxation or elimination of government
regulations has prompted mergers among utilities, railroads and
radio-and-TV empires. A new blizzard of deals is expected as banks
rush into investing and insurance.

Observers say antitrust scrutiny has waned. Regulators know that
historic notions of anti-competitiveness are out of date, Weston
says.

"The fact that large firms feel compelled to get even larger
reflects the pressure of competition," he says.


Mergers make for mega-companies

Deals that created -- or could create -- the largest companies
in their industries and when they were announced:

In talks

* Glaxo Wellcome/SmithKline Beecham, pharmaceuticals

* Pfizer/Warner-Lambert, pharmaceuticals

* Vodafone AirTouch/Mannesmann, wireless

Jan. 10

* America Online/Time Warner, media-entertainment

1999

* AT&T/MediaOne, cable

* Fuji Bank/Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank/Industrial Bank of Japan, banking

1998

* Travelers/Citicorp, financial services

* Exxon/Mobil, oil

Sources: Mergers & Acquisitions, USA TODAY research

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Mike Segar, Reuters; Giants join: Lee Raymond, left, of
Exxon shakes hands with Lucio Noto of Mobil at a news conference Dec. 1, 1998.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              47 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 18, 2000, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

HIGH SCHOOL CLUBS Gay students stake their ground

BYLINE: John Ritter

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1914 words

DATELINE: ORANGE, Calif.


ORANGE, Calif. -- Religious conservatives went all out in 1984
to win passage of a federal law forcing high schools to allow
Christian clubs and prayer groups on campus. Now, to the dismay
of the religious right, gay students are using the same law to
secure a place for their own clubs.

The number of gay and lesbian clubs meeting on high school grounds
has grown dramatically, from fewer than 100 to more than 600 in
just two years, according to the New York-based Gay, Lesbian and
Straight Education Network.

But the growth hasn't come without controversy. Many principals
and school boards balk at clubs for gay students alongside the
chess club or the glee club and refuse to sanction them. Other
school districts balk initially, then reluctantly permit such
clubs rather than risk lawsuits.


Here in suburban Los Angeles, an urbanscape where diversity of
all kinds is as conspicuous as anywhere in the country, a rare
court battle is taking shape over the limits schools can impose
on that traditional mainstay of the high school experience: extracurricular
activities.

Last month, the seven members of the Orange Unified school board
voted to reject a Gay Straight Alliance club at El Modena High.
Within days, the club's gay student organizer sued in federal
court, and the board dug in for a fight.

"This club is about what goes on in real life," says Suzanne
Wilson, 16, a straight member of the El Modena club. "It's forcing
kids to think about real-life situations they'll have to deal
with later on."

The battle here puts a fresh twist on an old debate: To what extent
can a school regulate after-class activities that it permits?
Civil libertarians say school officials cannot censor a club because
they don't like its members' views or sexual orientation.

In Orange, a city of 124,000 in northern Orange County, board
members set two conditions for the club to be approved: that it
change its name and that sex not be discussed. The board said
both conditions were within the scope of the 1984 law, the Equal
Access Act. The law prohibits high schools that have clubs and
that get federal money from discriminating against any club on
the basis of the speech at its meetings.

"You can't say, 'We won't let the Black Panthers in because we
don't like what they say, but we're going to let the Girl Scouts
in because that's wholesome,' " says Anthony Scariano, a Chicago
lawyer on the board of the National School Boards Association's
attorneys council.

James Bowles, the lawyer for the Orange board, says calling heterosexuals
"straight" offended some parents. And he says the board thought
Gay Straight Alliance, the name favored by most such clubs nationwide,
was a "divisive, derogatory and inflammatory" name.

Board members declined to be interviewed.

Some school districts have rejected gay-straight clubs and have
gone unchallenged, Scariano says. But in others, the Equal Access
Act has proved potent.

In 1998, students at Smoky Hill High in Aurora, Colo., sued the
school board to win recognition of a gay-straight club. The board
agreed to students' demands before a judge heard the case. Students
at Mauldin High in Greenville, S.C., had to threaten their board
with a lawsuit in 1996 to get club approval. Last year, West High
students in Manchester, N.H., threatened a lawsuit before the
board backed down.

School districts sometimes win. In Salt Lake City in 1996, the
school board banned all extracurricular clubs rather than permit
a gay-straight club, a tactic that held up in federal court. All
clubs, including the gay-straight club, meet off school grounds.

Typically, gay-straight clubs are open to all students, homosexuals
and heterosexuals alike, and their popularity reflects several
trends. More homosexuals are coming out of the closet -- acknowledging
their sexual orientation -- at younger ages than in the past.
Gay students are more visible to their classmates, and that has
spawned more gay-bashing in schools, experts say.

In a survey of gay students by the Gay, Lesbian and Straight Education
Network, a civil liberties group, 91% said they regularly heard
homophobic comments at school. More than two-thirds had been verbally,
physically or sexually harassed because of their sexual orientation,
half of them on a daily basis.

"It's the best of times and the worst of times to be gay," says
Kevin Jennings, the network's founder. "There's an unprecedented
level of visibility and activism, but with that an unprecedented
level of backlash and opposition."

Homosexuality as a target

Gay young people may also be vulnerable to suicide. There are
no national studies, but a Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
analysis of Massachusetts statistics in 1997 found that gay students
were more than six times as likely to have tried suicide as straight
students. A CDC analysis of Seattle data found that gay students
who had reported harassment were 50% more likely to have tried
suicide.

In the cauldron of high school, where differences are magnified
and ridiculed, homosexuality provides an easy target. Many gay
students say they don't feel safe at school. But gay civil liberties
groups say these students can draw support from peers in a gay-straight
club. And by including heterosexuals, the clubs spread a message
of tolerance and acceptance throughout the school, many members
say.

Club organizers also say that gay students who are confused about
their sexual identity or hiding their homosexuality from parents
learn to cope with those problems from the experiences of fellow
club members.

Gina Russell, 17, founder of a gay-straight club called Spectrum
at the high school in Ames, Iowa, says: "Kids walking down the
hall who may have questions about their sexuality see our poster.
Maybe they don't even come to meetings, but they don't feel so
alone and don't feel like freaks."

Faculty adviser Vicki Shaffer says Middleton High's gay-straight
club in Madison, Wis., "made a huge difference in the school
climate. If kids are spending all their time worrying about being
discovered as gay or lesbian, they can't focus on their education."

Not every place is hostile to gay-straight clubs. Russell says
Spectrum enjoyed the principal's support from the start. But at
El Modena, the Gay Straight Alliance application became bitterly
divisive. The board held a public meeting before its vote last
month, an event that turned raucous.

Opponents carried "Grades not AIDS" signs and quoted Scripture
to argue that homosexuality was morally wrong. Parents said they
feared that their children would be "converted" to homosexuality.

They attacked the club's organizer, sophomore Anthony Colin, 15,
and said he was nothing more than a puppet of national gay organizations
that were trying to force their political agenda on schools across
America. School board member Bill Lewis was quoted as saying,
"The Bible says we're all sinners, but this in my opinion is
asking us to legitimize sin."

"No other club had to go through this," says Judith Schaeffer,
deputy director of People for the American Way Foundations, an
organization that supports liberal causes. "The Christian club
(at El Modena) was not subjected to a public forum like this."

Parents formed an opposition group called Concerned Community
Citizens. Says member Donna Sigalas, who has a daughter at El
Modena: "To encourage a child to identify and explore this and
go in this direction -- and that's what I think a club like this
does -- it encourages children to accept a lifestyle that leads
to premature death."

Campaign for California Families, a parents' rights group, lent
its support. Executive Director Randy Thomasson says, "These
homosexual clubs will be putting other children under their influence,
and it goes against what the parents want."

Thomasson calls Colin "very much a rebel. This child is not interested
in learning. He's simply interested in promoting himself and tearing
the school upside down."

Colin (pronounced Ko-LEEN) and the dozen or so students who meet
after school across the street from El Modena say they're mainly
promoting tolerance, as outlined in the club's mission statement.
They insist their club is not about sex and that sex isn't a topic
of discussion.

On lawyers' advice, El Modena club members have refused to meet
the board's demands: changing the club's name and a written pledge
not to discuss anything of a sexual nature. They believe those
demands infringe on their rights under the Equal Access Act, and
no other El Modena club has been similarly censored.

"Their approach is all or nothing," says Bowles, the board's
lawyer. "They want a federal case, they want to make some law
and they want to make some headlines."

A hearing on the students' request for a preliminary injunction,
which would allow them to meet on campus while the suit is tried,
is scheduled for Monday.

'I don't feel safe'

Colin and his supporters, both gay and straight, say the club
can help stop gay-bashing. Colin's mother, Jessie, says he has
been verbally abused, spat on and shoved down stairs. He can't
take P.E., and he uses a faculty bathroom.

"I don't feel safe walking to school. I don't feel safe walking
from school. I don't feel safe while I'm at school," Colin says.
"In class I'm always wondering if this person behind me is going
to call me a fag or try to beat me up after school."

Says Jessica Wilson, 16: "I was harassed all last year. People
would walk by, call me 'dyke.' They'd throw things at me. They'd
whisper things like 'Don't gay people make you disgusted?' loud
enough for me to hear."

Sigalas says reports of harassment have been overblown.

"It's no more than some other kids being made fun of because
they like piercing their bodies. That's a normal part of school,
of growing up. Kids say things to kids." She says Colin "asks
for it. He's very flamboyant. He gets right in your face. If he
did that to a kid, what do you think the kid's reaction would
be?"

Gay-rights groups say teachers and administrators at many schools
look the other way when gays are harassed. Only four states have
laws explicitly prohibiting discrimination in school based on
sexual orientation. One is California, whose law took effect Jan.
1. Last year, before the issue of a gay-straight club came up,
the Orange school board wrote state legislators urging them to
reject the bill.

"Schools aren't dealing well at all with gay harassment," Scariano
says. "They're not trained. It's uncomfortable."

Many El Modena students say gays have a right to a club, but they
don't think it will do much good. "It might bring more resentment
because they have a club and more reason to make fun of them,"
senior Victoria Calderon says.

In Ames, despite the principal's support for Spectrum, 100 junior
and senior boys showed up one day wearing T-shirts declaring "I'm
Straight."

Scariano says he sees more conflicts every year over gender and
sexual orientation issues in schools. He says it will take more
than gay-straight clubs to stop gay-bashing.

"It took schools 25 years to deal with (racial) segregation,
and they haven't done a very good job," he says. "I'm not sanguine
about how well as a society we embrace ideas that are foreign
to us."

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, USA TODAY (Map); GRAPHIC, B/W, Source: Gay, Lesbian and
Straight Education Network (Chart); PHOTO, Color, Bob Riha Jr., USA TODAY;
PHOTO, B/W, Bob Riha Jr., USA TODAY; Fighting for acceptance: Heather Zetin,
left, and Brooke Parks of the Gay Straight Alliance club in Orange, Calif.
Organizer denounced as a 'rebel': Opponents say El Modena High's Anthony Colin,
15, wants only to promote himself and disrupt the school.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              50 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 13, 2000, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Northern Mars once was drenched 4 billion years ago, it steamed and streamed

BYLINE: Dan Vergano

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 11D

LENGTH: 754 words


A gravitational map of Mars reveals that water-filled rivers once
ran across the Red Planet's northern hemisphere, researchers say.

"Evidence is building of more water on the surface of Mars at
one time," says planetary scientist Maria Zuber of the Massachusetts
Institute of Technology, who led the study.

The researchers combined laser measurements of Martian topography
with a gravitational analysis provided by the Mars Global Surveyor
spacecraft to depict the shape and thickness of the planet's crust.

As the researchers reported Friday in Science, they found
that the crust varies widely, indicating that geologic forces
must have reshaped Mars' outer layer at some point in history.
In particular, the broad northern lowlands show signs of sedimentary
deposits. Vast channels that spring from the Valles Marineris
and other gorgelike regions lie under the plains, bearing all
the marks of having once carried vast amounts of water, Zuber
says.

"It shows there must have been a wet Martian climate," says
geoscientist Norman Sleep of Stanford University, who reviewed
the study. He suggests that an ocean must have existed on the
northernmost part of Mars at one time.

Zuber is more cautious, saying evidence of a surface ocean, such
as salt and carbon deposits, is lacking.

Barring dents in the surface made by meteorites, the Martian crust
regularly thins from about 50 miles deep at the southern pole
to 22 miles at the northern pole. The skinny section of crust
points to significant amounts of heat escaping from Mars' iron
core through its northern hemisphere after the planet formed.

As the heat escaped, it freed water from the crust, forming a
water-filled atmosphere. Greenhouse effects arose from water vapor
in the air, warming the planet, Zuber says.

But that Martian dynamo disappeared at least 4 billion years ago,
halting the processes that liberated water from the crust to enter
the atmosphere. Essentially, Zuber says, the release of heat through
the northern crust of Mars exhausted the planet's heat-producing
interior.

"What did surprise us was that Mars burned itself out so quickly,"
Zuber says. Judging from the planet's crust, any geologic activity
in the northern hemisphere ended at that time, she adds.

Up to that point, evidence from the study suggests, Mars experienced
geologic processes resembling the plate tectonics that move continents
on Earth. In the Atlantic Ocean, for example, the continuing separation
of North America from Europe and Africa produces an effect called
sea-floor spreading. The thinness of Mars' northern crust suggests
a process akin to sea-floor spreading.

Further, Mars Global Surveyor researchers announced in April the
discovery of alternating bands of magnetically charged material
in the Martian crust, which they regard as more evidence of geologic
activity there. Skeptics suggest that the magnetic bands represent
no more than an upwelling of molten iron from the planet's interior
after a catastrophic meteor strike.

Earth awaits a fate identical to Mars' when Earth's iron core
ceases its churning activity someday. Earth's magnetic field will
disappear at that point, allowing the solar wind to strip the
atmosphere away, just as happened on Mars.

"The atmospheric loss made the planet a desert," Zuber says.

Differences in planetary size explain why Earth's dynamo continues
running, she adds. NASA has released an extensive gallery of illustrations
related to the Mars Global Surveyor mission on the Web (mars.jpl.nasa.gov/mgs).

Scientific speculation about water on Mars goes back at least
to 1859, when Vatican astronomers described "canals" on the
planet's surface. More recently, a much-disputed 1996 finding
involving a Martian meteorite has revived interest in the possibility
that life evolved on Mars at some point.

Although recent evidence has cast doubt on the meteorite findings,
NASA continues to hold out the possibility of extraterrestrial
life as a reason for space exploration. And movies such as new
release Mission to Mars exploit that possibility.

Signs of a watery atmosphere on Mars in the planet's past leave
the possibility that Earth-like life had an opportunity to evolve
there, Sleep says.

Significant amounts of water remain on Mars, trapped in ice caps
at both poles. Researchers have calculated that releasing all
the water in the polar ice would flood the planet to the depth
of 100 feet.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, NASA; A little off the top: The Mars Orbiter Laser
Altimeter bounced laser beams off Mars to make a topographic map that shows the
flatter, thinner northern regions.

TYPE: SCIENCE

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              53 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    April 27, 2000, Thursday, FIRST EDITION

Despite turmoil, U.S., Cuba closer

BYLINE: Jack Kelley

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 707 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Despite the polarizing rhetoric, the bitter custody
battle over Elian Gonzalez appears to have brought the United
States and Cuba closer together politically and even raised expectations
of a softening of the 38-year-old U.S. trade embargo.

"Suddenly the U.S. and Cuban governments are on the same side
of an issue," says Wayne Smith, who led the U.S. Special Interests
section in Havana from 1979 to 1982. "They both want the boy
returned to his father. It's the first time the two governments
have ever agreed about anything."


Since the boy was found clinging to an inner tube off the coast
of Fort Lauderdale on Thanksgiving Day, Washington and Havana
have been in almost daily contact by phone, fax or personal visits.
Before the incident, contact was limited to several times a year.

Now, officials and analysts say they are optimistic that subtle
changes in the U.S. policy toward Cuba could result from the current
climate of cooperation. They could include easing the restrictions
on travel to Cuba, increasing the amount of money Cuban-Americans
can send to their relatives on the island and possibly lifting
controls on sales of U.S. food and medicine to Cuba.

"We've never been closer to the possibility of some form of a
U.S.-Cuban detente," said Larry Birns, director of the
Council on Hemispheric Affairs, a Washington think tank.

State Department officials insist the Elian case alone will not
bring about a major policy shift toward Cuba. And despite growing
public sentiment in favor of normalizing relations with Cuba,
analysts said there is little congressional support to lift the
embargo, which can be done only by federal law.

"We have long said that if the Cuban government makes the fundamental
democratic changes we have specified time and time again, then
and only then can our relations improve," State Department spokesman
James Rubin said, referring to Cuba's lack of democracy.

Still, U.S. officials, who have been quietly making diplomatic
overtures to Cuba for years, say they have been encouraged by
recent polls that show most Americans favor re-establishing relations
with Cuba. They have been emboldened by polls that show many are
angry with members of Miami's Cuban-American community for their
protests during the disputes over Elian.

"People are asking, 'Who the hell do these Cuban-Americans think
they are? How can they think they are above the law?' " Smith
says. The 800,000-strong exile community has long influenced,
if not dictated, U.S. policy toward Havana. The United States
put the economic embargo in place in 1962 to punish Cuba's communist
regime. It blocks the sale of most American goods to the island.
Critics of the embargo say it has done little to oust Castro and
instead hurts the island's 11 million residents.

Exile leaders say they will fight any relaxation of the embargo
against Cuba. They accuse the administration of manipulating the
Elian issue for a political advantage.

"I wonder if somebody now dares to say that truth that the United
States and Cuba had a political agenda behind Elian, and that
was obviously to relax the restrictions," says Ramon Saul Sanchez,
founder of the Democracy Movement, a Miami-based exile group.
"The United States and Cuba are both utilizing the issue of Elian
for their foreign policy interest: to isolate the Cuban-American
exile community."

President Fidel Castro recently declared a day-long "truce"
in the war of words between the two countries and expressed admiration
for Attorney General Janet Reno for ordering a federal raid on
the house of Elian's relatives in Miami.

Attitudes in Congress, where opposition to improving ties with
Cuba has been the most enduring, have been softening. The Senate
voted last year, 70 to 28, in favor of ending restrictions on
sending food and medicine to Cuba.

"The Elian conflict could have had the potential of reversing
the creeping, very modest relaxation (of the embargo) that had
been taking place," said Max Castro, a Cuba analyst with the
University of Miami's North-South Center.

"Instead, Elian has made it possible to continue along the road
of foreign policy."

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Adalberto Roque, AFP; In Havana: Cuban President Fidel
Castro speaks outside center where Elian Gonzalez is to stay upon his return
from the United States.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              54 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    April 27, 2000, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Despite turmoil, U.S., Cuba closer

BYLINE: Jack Kelley

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 709 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Despite the polarizing rhetoric, the bitter custody
battle over Elian Gonzalez appears to have brought the United
States and Cuba closer together politically and even raised expectations
of a softening of the 38-year-old U.S. trade embargo.

"Suddenly the U.S. and Cuban governments are on the same side
of an issue," says Wayne Smith, who led the U.S. Special Interests
section in Havana from 1979 to 1982. "They both want the boy
returned to his father. It's the first time the two governments
have ever agreed about anything."


Since the boy was found clinging to an inner tube off the coast
of Fort Lauderdale on Thanksgiving Day, Washington and Havana
have been in almost daily contact by phone, fax or personal visits.
Before the incident, contact was limited to several times a year.

Now, Clinton administration officials say privately that they
are optimistic that subtle changes in the U.S. policy toward Cuba
could result from the current climate of cooperation. They could
include easing the restrictions on travel to Cuba, increasing
the amount of money Cuban-Americans can send to their relatives
and possibly lifting controls on sales of U.S. food and medicine
to Cuba.

"We've never been closer to the possibility of some form of a
U.S.-Cuban detente," said Larry Birns of the Council on
Hemispheric Affairs, a Washington think tank.

State Department officials insist the Elian case alone will not
bring about a major policy shift toward Cuba. And despite growing
public sentiment in favor of normalizing relations with Cuba,
analysts said there is little congressional support to lift the
embargo, which can be done only by federal law.

"We have long said that if the Cuban government makes the fundamental
democratic changes we have specified time and time again, then
and only then can our relations improve," State Department spokesman
James Rubin said, referring to Cuba's lack of democracy.

Still, administration officials who have been quietly making diplomatic
overtures to Cuba for years, say they have been encouraged by
recent polls that show most Americans favor re-establishing relations
with Cuba. They have been emboldened by polls that show many are
angry with members of Miami's Cuban-American community for their
protests during the disputes over Elian.

But they also recognize that a Republican victory in November's
presidential election would likely set back any new initiatives.

"People are asking: 'Who the hell do these Cuban-Americans think
they are? How can they think they are above the law?' " Smith
says. The large exile community has long influenced, if not dictated,
U.S. policy toward Havana. The United States put the economic
embargo in place in 1962 to punish Cuba's Communist regime. It
blocks the sale of most American goods to the island. Critics
of the embargo say it has done little to oust Castro and instead
hurts the island's 11 million residents. Supporters say it deprives
Castro of dollars that would strengthen his regime.

Exile leaders say they will fight any relaxation of the embargo.
They accuse the administration of manipulating the Elian issue
for a political advantage.

"I wonder if somebody now dares to say that truth that the United
States and Cuba had a political agenda behind Elian, and that
was obviously to relax the restrictions," says Ramon Saul Sanchez,
founder of Democracy Movement, a Miami-based exile group.

President Fidel Castro recently declared a day-long "truce"
in the war of words between the two countries and expressed admiration
for Attorney General Janet Reno for ordering the raid on the house
of Elian's relatives in Miami.

Attitudes in Congress, where opposition to improving ties with
Cuba has been the most enduring, may be softening. The Senate
voted last year, 70-28, in favor of ending restrictions on sending
food and medicine to Cuba.

"The Elian conflict could have had the potential of reversing
the creeping, very modest relaxation that had been taking place,"
said Max Castro, a Cuba analyst with the University of Miami's
North-South Center. "Instead, Elian has made it possible to continue
along the road of foreign policy."

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Adalberto Roque, AFP; In Havana: Cuban President Fidel
Castro speaks outside center where Elian Gonzalez would stay upon his return
from the United States.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              57 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 13, 2000, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION
                              Correction Appended

Cups' winners snug at the top Leading schools have hold on award

BYLINE: Jack Carey

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 1517 words


There won't be any surprises when the winners in college athletics'
Sears Directors' Cup competition for 1999-2000 are announced today.

Stanford will win the Division I Cup for the sixth consecutive
year. California-Davis, after finishing second in 1999, will take
Division II honors for the third time in five years. Williams
(Mass.) is taking home the Division III title for the fourth time
in five years. Simon Fraser (B.C.) will be the NAIA winner for
the fourth consecutive year.


The cups are presented annually by the National Association of
Collegiate Directors of Athletics (NACDA) in conjunction with
USA TODAY to schools with the nation's top overall athletic programs.

This year's standings bring a clear message: The top schools,
with a broad-based athletic program and a commitment to winning,
aren't going away.

Not that there's not spirited competition.

"The race within the race is real," says UCLA's associate athletic
director Betsy Stephenson, whose Bruins finished second to Pacific-10
Conference rival Stanford in Division I.

"Beyond the natural competitiveness of all our programs, we consider
Stanford a healthy rival. The Directors' Cup is reflective of
how we approach contests with them."

The streak begins

North Carolina won the first Division I Directors' Cup in 1994,
but since then, the Cardinal have dominated.

This year, they won national championships in men's tennis and
men's outdoor track and were runners-up in women's tennis, women's
golf, women's volleyball and water polo. Stanford won the Cup
even without the points they will receive for their baseball team
being in the College World Series.

"We have a long commitment to a broad-based program," Stanford
athletic director Ted Leland says. "We've found a real recruiting-marketing
niche for great athletes who are also committed students."

But when the same schools are at or near the top every year, it
raises questions about a level playing field and whether other
schools have a chance.

North Carolina and Williams are the only schools from east of
the Mississippi River to win a Directors' Cup, and there's little
question that schools in warm-weather climates can offer and excel
in more outdoor sports than institutions in some other parts of
the nation.

"By the time the weather breaks here, to be able to squeeze in
a softball, baseball and track season before early May when school
ends is tough," says North Dakota athletic director Roger Thomas,
whose school was third behind Cal-Davis and rival North Dakota
State in Division II.

"I used to coach at Cal State-Fullerton and they can be outside
most of the year. We're really bottled up here."

But Thomas says he harbors no ill will.

"It's wonderful that they can have that kind of success," he
says. "It's a credit to those schools that are sponsoring and
putting their dollars into a lot of non-revenue sports that might
not draw (fans) all that well."

Williams remains the clear exception to the West Coast dominance.
The 2,000-student, academically rigorous school shows that success
is not necessarily dependent on geography, says American University
athletic director Lee McElroy, chairman of the NACDA's Directors'
Cup Committee.

"Williams has done a great job of having success in their women's
sports and in men's basketball and football, but there is tremendous
institutional pride there," he says.

No plans to change

McElroy says that though the dominance of a few schools in the
standings is something that bears watching, there are no plans
to make major changes in the scoring system.

"What I hear from other administrators for the most part is:
'Are they (the winners) doing anything differently from what we're
doing?' " he says. "I tell them yes they are. Those schools
have great pride and good facilities; they're investing and capitalizing
on their resources and making sure the commitment is there."

As competition for the Directors' Cup has grown and gotten more
attention, McElroy says, its importance has started to be felt
outside the playing fields and coaches' offices.

"We're getting more involvement and engagement from university
presidents, from boards of trustees who look at the whole picture
and realize it's men's sports and women's sports; it's Olympic
sports and major sports. I think it's only going to grow in significance."


Sears Directors' Cup

Division I

(After College World Series)

Rank, school . . . . . . . . Pts.

 1. Stanford . . . . . . . . 1269.5

2. UCLA . . . . . . . . 1103.5

3. Michigan . . . . . . . . 965

4. North Carolina . . . . . . . . 908.5

5. Penn State . . . . . . . . 859.5

6. Nebraska . . . . . . . . 856

7. Florida . . . . . . . . 842

8. Arizona . . . . . . . . 837.5

9. Texas . . . . . . . . 741

10. Arizona State . . . . . . . . 733

11. Georgia . . . . . . . . 728.5

12. Virginia . . . . . . . . 698.5

13. Ohio State . . . . . . . . 682

14. California . . . . . . . . 671.5

15. LSU . . . . . . . . 664

16. Wisconsin . . . . . . . . 661.5

17. Brigham Young . . . . . . . . 658

18. Minnesota . . . . . . . . 627

19. Tennessee . . . . . . . . 621

20. Southern California . . . . . . . . 606.5

21. Notre Dame . . . . . . . . 594.5

22. Michigan State . . . . . . . . 587

23. Auburn . . . . . . . . 572

24. Duke . . . . . . . . 566

25. Oklahoma . . . . . . . . 563.5

Division II

Rank, school . . . . . . . . Pts.

1. UC-Davis . . . . . . . . 690.5

2. North Dakota State . . . . . . . . 663.5

3. North Dakota . . . . . . . . 486.5

4. Florida Southern . . . . . . . . 473

5. Western State (Colo.) . . . . . . . . 462.5

6. Cal State-Bakersfield . . . . . . . . 435.5

7. Indiana (Pa.) . . . . . . . . 394

8. Adams State (Colo.) . . . . . . . . 392.5

9. Truman State (Mo.) . . . . . . . . 364.5

10. Grand Valley State (Mich.) . . . . . . . . 359.5

11. Central Missouri State . . . . . . . . 346

12. Abilene Christian (Texas) . . . . . . . . 333

13. Ashland (Ohio) . . . . . . . . 319.5

14. Northern Colorado . . . . . . . . 316.5

15. St. Cloud State (Minn.) . . . . . . . . 306.5

16. Bloomsburg (Pa.) . . . . . . . . 298.5

17. Fort Hays State (Kan.) . . . . . . . . 298

18. South Dakota . . . . . . . . 297

19. Nebraska-Kearney . . . . . . . . 292.5

20. Lewis (Ill.) . . . . . . . . 289.5

21. Gardner-Webb (N.C.) . . . . . . . . 289

22. Southern Connecticut State . . . . . . . . 287

23. Northern Kentucky . . . . . . . . 280

24. Edinboro (Pa.) . . . . . . . . 275.5

25. Central Washington . . . . . . . . 271.5

Division III

Rank, school . . . . . . . . Pts.

1. Williams (Mass.) . . . . . . . . 849

2. UC San Diego . . . . . . . . 788.5

3. College of New Jersey . . . . . . . . 702.5

4. St. Thomas (Minn.) . . . . . . . . 586

5. Middlebury (Vt.) . . . . . . . . 573.5

6. Calvin (Mich.) . . . . . . . . 561

7. Rowan (N.J.) . . . . . . . . 557

8. Wisconsin-Stevens Point . . . . . . . . 548

9. Wisconsin-Eau Claire . . . . . . . . 545

10. Trinity (Texas) . . . . . . . . 525

11. Wisconsin-La Crosse . . . . . . . . 508

12. Amherst (Mass.) . . . . . . . . 501

13. Springfield (Mass.) . . . . . . . . 497

14. Emory (Ga.) . . . . . . . . 491

15. Wisconsin-Whitewater . . . . . . . . 458.5

16. Wheaton (Ill.) . . . . . . . . 429

17. Cortland State (N.Y.) . . . . . . . . 419

18. Salisbury State (Md.) . . . . . . . . 405

19. Pacific Lutheran (Wash.) . . . . . . . . 368.5

20. Ithaca (N.Y.) . . . . . . . . 361

21. Johns Hopkins (Md.) . . . . . . . . 347

22. Washington (Mo.) . . . . . . . . 340

23. Hamilton (N.Y.) . . . . . . . . 339

24. St. Olaf (Minn.) . . . . . . . . 335.5

25. Central (Iowa) . . . . . . . . 329

NAIA

Rank, school . . . . . . . . Pts.

1. Simon Fraser (B.C.) . . . . . . . . 778.5

2. Lindenwood (Mo.) . . . . . . . . 626.5

3. Azusa Pacific (Calif.) . . . . . . . . 607

4. Mary (N.D.) . . . . . . . . 589

5. Oklahoma City . . . . . . . . 567.5

6. Findlay (Ohio) . . . . . . . . 516

7. California Baptist . . . . . . . . 496.5

8. Life (Ga.) . . . . . . . . 490

9. Malone (Ohio) . . . . . . . . 422

10. Hastings (Neb.) . . . . . . . . 410

11. Mobile (Ala.) . . . . . . . . 409

12. Lewis Clark State (Idaho) . . . . . . . . 408.5

13. Cumberland (Ky.) . . . . . . . . 396.5

14. McKendree (Ill.) . . . . . . . . 381.5

15. Westmont (Calif) . . . . . . . . 367

16. Point Loma Nazarene (Calif.) . . . . . . . . 357.5

17. California State San Marcos . . . . . . . . 356.5

18. Biola (Calif.) . . . . . . . . 349.5

19. Briar Cliff (Iowa) . . . . . . . . 338.5

20. Embry-Riddle Aeronautical (Fla.) . . . . . . . . 335

21. Auburn-Montgomery (Ala.) . . . . . . . . 320

22. Taylor (Ind.) . . . . . . . . 305.5

23. Oklahama Baptist . . . . . . . . 296.5

24. Huntington (Ind.) . . . . . . . . 291

25. Lindsey Wilson (Ky.) . . . . . . . . 290

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: June 14, 2000, Wednesday

CORRECTION:  A list in the June 13 edition should have said the Division I
standings for the Sears Directors' Cup did not include baseball's College World
Series.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Larry French, NCAA Photos; PHOTO, B/W, Scott Urquhart,
Simon Fraser University; PHOTO, B/W, Erik Perel, AP; PHOTO, B/W, Larry French,
NCAA Photos; Triple crown: Men's team captain Dylan Roguski and the Simon Fraser
University swimming team won their third consecutive NAIA championship this
year. Top run: Gabe Jennings' (313) and Michael Stember's 1-2 finish in the
1,500 helped Stanford win the men's track title. Chase: Williams lost lacrosse
title but won Division III Cup.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              59 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 29, 2000, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Offbeat rest stops on info highway Shape up your medical knowledge en route to
Martian watering hole

BYLINE: Sam Vincent Meddis

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 3D; The Net: New & notable

LENGTH: 616 words


Health

* Why does the U.S. health system spend a higher
portion of the nation's gross domestic product than that of any
other country but rank 37th out of 191 countries according to
its performance? If your elected reps don't have a clue, point
them to the new "World Health Report 2000."

www.who.int/whr

* Think you're a smart eater? Take the Healthy Dining
I.Q. quiz and find out whether you're really cutting down
on fat, making the right choice in appetizers and picking the
best topping for that dessert.

www.healthcentral.com/cooltools/ FitorFat_Quiz_Dine_IQ/
FitorFat_Quiz_Dine_IQ.cfm

Entertainment

* Can't stand Web site banner ads? Don't click here
-- unless you intend to keep an open mind about what constitutes
art in these digital times.


www.hi-res.net/sb/clickhere.html

* At the longtime shareware haven Tucows, morphed into
an MP3 portal, you'll find a diverse list of more than 300 Best
Music Downloads, along with featured artists.

music.tucows.com

Education

* You've heard recent reports about the possibility of
flowing water on Mars. Thanks to the Web, you can look
at the evidence.

mars.jpl.nasa.gov/mgs/msss/ camera/images/june2000/ index.html

* Participating in an online art auction is far from the
only reason to pay a visit to Artstar. The library offers a virtual
education in art, while other areas feature high-resolution
images of artwork, artist backgrounders and gallery info.

www.artstar.comOddities

* Hey, guys -- it's Rest Areas Month at the Dull
Men's Club, whose members recognize that rest areas offer "one
of the hidden (and free) joys" of traveling.

www.dullmen.com

* OK, try to think of something worse than Leonard Nimoy
singing Proud Mary. You're apt to find whatever that is
at the aptly named Rock & Roll Hall of Shame, a site
that has the courage to ask: "What exactly is it about Hollywood
and fame that gets into people's heads?"

www.fadetoblack.com/ hallofshame

Public affairs

* No need to wonder why some federal lawmakers say that
drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge in Alaska is the
best way to bring down gas prices. Look at these lists of oil
and gas contributions to federal parties and candidates. As
usual in Washington, money talks.

www.opensecrets.org/news/oil/ oil.htm

* An 18-month Justice Department investigation recently
dismissed allegations of a conspiracy in the assassination
of Martin Luther King Jr. Review the findings with this hyperlinked
report.

www.usdoj.gov/crt/crim/mlk/ part1.htm

* Learn how humanity's influence on the global climate
will grow in the coming century. This National Assessment
Project report about "Climate Change Impacts on the United States"
outlines actions we need to take now to protect the quality of
life for us and future generations. (In Adobe Acrobat format.)

www.gcrio.org/ NationalAssessment

Useful resources

* If you use different services to send mail, PackTrack
boasts that you don't have to bookmark umpteen shippers' Web sites.
This free site is designed to help you track your package from
one convenient location.

www.packtrack.com

* Feel overwhelmed by the Net's economic complexity at
times? Presented by Cisco Systems, iQ bills itself as "the fastest
way to increase your Internet quotient." An online business
'zine whose topics range from e-com strategies to interactive
tools.

www.cisco.com/warp/public/750/iq/ iqmagazine

***

USA TODAY lists Web sites we consider newsworthy. We do not endorse
them, not the products or services they contain. Find more sites
daily at tech.usatoday.com. Sen suggestions and comments
to cyber@usatoday.com

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W; PHOTO, B/W; The perfect soundtrack for torture: The Rock &
Roll Hall of Shame features all the best from some of the worst 'singing' stars.
Art class: More than an auction house, Artstar offers everything you want to
know about art through its library, galleries and background on artists.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              61 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 31, 2000, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Foundation elevates poor schools Flexible project offers advice, mentors, cash

BYLINE: Tamara Henry

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 9D

LENGTH: 1061 words


BRIDPORT, Vt.

In the quiet of the Bridport Central School library, 13-year-old
Roger Towle sits hunched at a table in deep discussion with his
college mentor.

Problems with math? Tired of a teacher? No. For Roger, it is something
more personal, more important.


"Why can't I drive?" Roger quietly challenges.

Jonathan Reiber, 22, a Middlebury College senior, sits stunned
for a second. "You have to wait three years before it's legal.
Then, it'll be safe if you get your license. You won't be getting
me worried."

"Kyle drives! He's a kid in my class. I don't drive on the road,"
Roger says, explaining that "I have a field bomb" -- an old
car he drives in open fields.

"It's a beginning," Reiber says with a sigh.

While some may see an innocuous exchange, Bridport Central principal
Ron Conry sees the development of a relationship that may translate
into a greater interest in school and improved academic performance.

And better performance is the bottom line not only for Bridport
Central, but for every public school in the nation. Boosting academic
achievement has become a battle cry as politicians, educators,
business leaders and policymakers bemoan lackluster scores on
standardized tests and the low rank of U.S. students among their
peers from other industrialized nations.

The leading presidential candidates have made education -- and
ways to improve learning in the USA -- a key topic of debate and
stump speeches.

Conry says he has seen noticeable changes since Reiber and other
local college students started coming to the school about two
years ago to spend time with the middle-schoolers. The students
participate in the One More Step program, a national mentoring
project developed by the non-profit, grass-roots Foundation for
Excellent Schools (FES). Reiber coordinates the college students
for FES and pairs them with the youngsters to tutor, talk, read
or just hang out.

"I see kids are more interested in learning. I see them more
motivated, more positive. I see them getting into trouble less,
turning around and studying more and applying themselves," says
Conry, attributing the changes to the "excitement and energy"
brought by the college students. "So I know it's going to translate
into better performance."

"The climate is great for what we do," says FES founder and
president Rick Dalton. "There's a whole new constituency that's
stepping up" to help students learn. FES acts as a mobilizer
of resources, ranging from foundation dollars to school equipment
supplied by businesses, and shares elements of successful programs
at other schools.

Mentoring is one of a variety of initiatives. FES has no "one
size fits all" plan to offer low-income schools that are struggling
to improve student performance, Dalton says. At other schools,
FES develops workshops to address particular problems or tries
to help community leaders work directly with schools from kindergarten
through 12th grade. School officials like the way FES gets schools
talking to one another and sharing ideas.

Ninety schools in 23 states are part of the FES network, which
gets most of its money from 60 corporations, including International
Paper, and foundations such as the Mott and Freeman foundations.
Individuals and school districts also contribute to the work.
Some of the oldest members boast of significant successes:

* Port St. Joe High School in Gulf County, Fla., raised
its position among 51 area schools from 32nd to seventh on state
standardized test scores.

* At Madison County High School in Danielsville, Ga., SAT
scores rose for the second consecutive year, jumping 38 points.
The county's four elementary schools saw gains of 5 to 10 percentile
points on the Iowa Test of Basic Skills.

* Improved test scores at Dollarway High School in Pine
Bluff, Ark., earned its removal form the state "watch list."

* Ticonderoga, N.Y., schools saw 95% of fourth-graders
pass the English Language Arts Assessment and 98% pass the Math
Assessment.

Vermont schools are among the latest to join the foundation network
even though the program is based in the state, in Cornwall. The
group's success elsewhere has generated interest at 38 schools
in Vermont, a rural state with a large percentage of low-income
schools. Mentoring is the most popular FES program in Vermont,
where 17 colleges provide students to work with schoolchildren.

To become FES program members, schools must get letters of approval
from the local school board and the principal. Member schools
are given $ 1,000 a year as part of the network, and extra money
is raised to help schools with projects.

The idea for the program began with a research project 15 years
ago that Dalton conducted while director of enrollment at Middlebury
College. Although the project was to focus on high school guidance
counselors, what Dalton and five of his colleagues found were
a number of high schools in low-income communities that exceeded
performance expectations. In 1987, Dalton was asked to investigate
the reasons for success. FES took shape in 1992.

Gary Netsch, principal at Benson Village School, which offers
kindergarten through eighth grade in a rural Vermont community
of about 800, says FES helped the school find creative ways to
get the town involved.

For example, a school-sponsored literacy night in 1999 drew only
four people. But 150 people attended this year after FES suggested
serving food, getting special T-shirts made and sponsoring a book-reading
contest that gave winning students the treat of smashing the principal
with pies. Also, after the district budget suffered 12 defeats
at the polls, voters recently passed it by a narrow margin. Netsch
says part of the reason is the town has a new respect for the
school and its need.

Vermont's Bridge Water Village Elementary School had problems
connecting with the community. Principal Car- ole Pickett says
FES helped by suggesting a column in the local newspaper and a
weekly newsletter. The Parent-Teacher Association has grown from
two members to 14.

Pickett says what she appreciates the most about her affiliation
with FES is what she and her staffers have learned from other
schools. "We didn't have to reinvent the wheel, spending hours
and hours."

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Alden Pellett for USA TODAY; PHOTOS, B/W, Alden Pellett
for USA TODAY (2); Driven to distraction: College senior Jonathan Reiber tries
to steer precocious driver Roger Towle, 13, in the right direction at Bridport
(Vt.) Central School. In Vergennes, Vt.: Karrie Bennett, left, Laura Cook, Amber
French and Kay Hatch listen to foundation mentor Amy Lowell at the Hannaford
Career Center.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              63 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 14, 2000, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Bush bids for unity, but partisan fevers linger

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 26A

LENGTH: 841 words


The stagecraft was close to perfect Wednesday night as the bitter
post-election period came to an end.

Al Gore withdrew from the race with wit and grace, calling on
his backers to accept the Supreme Court ruling that ended his
hopes for office. His concession revealed the warm, gracious man
who friends know but who made such scant appearance during the
campaign.

George W. Bush accepted victory in the same vein, promising to
stand for principle but to act in a spirit of cooperation. He
artfully reminded viewers that the nation has been through experiences
like this before and thrived.


It all fit the traditional decorum of the moment while salving
the wounds of a polarized nation.

This was not a night to acknowledge the underlying political reality,
but it nonetheless stands between Wednesday's high-minded words
and meaningful results. Much of the rhetoric of the last five
weeks has left wounds deeper than even a perfect performance by
Bush and Gore can heal. Democratic activists are complaining of
a judicial coup and the systematic, planned denial of voting rights
to minorities.

On the Republican side, victory calmed a volcano of resentment
that erupted after Gore disputed the Florida election result,
but it continues to simmer just out of sight.

Each side senses in the narrow division of Congress and disputed
presidential vote count both opportunity and danger.

Bush sought to sheath that double-edged sword Wednesday by citing
the issues that drew the most bipartisan support during the campaign.

More interesting was what he chose not to say. Even on those common
issues, he took no step toward the Democrats' positions, preferring
familiar campaign rhetoric instead. It was a wasted set of opportunities,
which Bush can still seize between now and his inauguration.

* On education: Bush said this will be his first priority,
as it was in Texas. He and the Democrats have many similarities
on those issues, but also fundamental differences, most notably
over school vouchers.

* On Social Security: Bush stuck to his proposal for saving
Social Security, but made no move that would attract Democrats
to his privatization plan. He can. Privatization didn't scare
voters the way Democrats hoped it would. Gore even felt compelled
to offer a copycat private account proposal outside of Social
Security.

* On Medicare drug benefit: Here Bush has the opportunity
to press forward on prescription drugs while working to build
consensus around a broad bipartisan Medicare reform plan torpedoed
by the Clinton Administration last year.

* On taxes: While Bush reiterated his promise of broad
tax cuts, it is here that his case is weakest. Bush should understand
that he has failed to close the sale for his giant plan. Strong
bipartisan support exists for a smaller tax cut, though its form
will be contentious.

A disappointment of Bush's speech is that he offered nothing on
the one big opportunity he can scarcely miss.

The Florida fiasco exposed a tragically flawed national election
system. Bush could quickly get the nation on his side by leading
a nationwide overhaul.

That also would be a useful role for Gore. After a lifetime of
public service, leading a private effort to attain such a public
good would be a natural fit. It surely is something he cares deeply
about.

Gore was right to make another point as well. As much as the close
election result was a sign of national division, it was also a
sign of unity. Neither candidate was a creature of the extremes.
That's why so much of the public gravitated to both.

But the road to an effective presidency won't be easy. The nation's
center is in a far different place from the Texas center, where
Bush artfully maneuvered to build a reputation as a Republican
who could work with Democrats. The political air in Washington
also is more poisonous.

If the post-election period was the first indication of how Bush
will fare in that climate, he will struggle. Bush and his minions
often looked all too much like the more rabid win-at-any-cost
Republican partisans on Capitol Hill who seem unable or unwilling
to attend to the public's obvious desire for pragmatic, consensus
government.

But winning an election and governing are two different businesses.
Bush now needs to show with more than symbols that he can separate
one from the other and prove himself the consensus builder he
promised the voters he would be.

In the next two years, little will come easily to the next administration
-- the natural result of a very close election, and more practically,
a Congress that is as closely divided as it has been in the nation's
history. If Bush is to "change the tone" of Washington, he will
have to do more than just change his own tone. He'll have to find
a style of governance that advances his public policies while
expanding a mandate that the election results never gave
him.<></OUR_VIEW><>Today's
debate: Presidential election <>

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, J. Scott Applewhite, AP; To be No. 43: President-elect Bush
speaks from Austin, Texas, Wednesday night.

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              64 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 31, 2000, Monday, FIRST EDITION

Off-field events provide some of fondest memories Evolution of covering game:
From typewriters to laptops

BYLINE: Gordon Forbes

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 11C

LENGTH: 1604 words


USA TODAY's Gordon Forbes covered his 32nd Super Bowl on Sunday.
He looks back on the glory days.

The Super Bowl workrooms used to be filled with endless rows of
typewriters, most of them old Smith-Coronas or Royals.

Those glowing Super Bowl stories, about Don Shula's famous chin
and Hollywood Henderson's trash talk, were filed on telecopiers,
nice little drum-rotating machines that took six minutes to send
a single page. Hopefully, the operators got them in the right
order.


You always tried to find a Smith-Corona with larger pica type.
Or was it elite? You always made backup carbon copies, a practice
that led to the shameless line from late-arriving reporters: "Can
I borrow your carbons?"

In those early Super Bowl years, Commissioner Pete Rozelle, an
old public relations smoothie, was always aware of the tight Eastern
deadlines. And in the years when the Super Bowl was played on
the West Coast, Rozelle had those media busses rolling along the
California freeways at 7 a.m., meaning a short night for some
heavy-eyed writers.

The league also was paranoid about reporters hanging by the coffee
shops and swimming pools of the team hotels. So they stashed teams
in faraway places. At Super Bowl VII in Los Angeles, the Washington
Redskins stayed in Costa Mesa and the Miami Dolphins in Santa
Ana.

Reporters arrived back at the media center in Newport Beach after
4 p.m. ET. Assuming, of course, that the bus driver hadn't taken
any wrong turns on the San Diego Freeway. And soon, the Eastern
sports editors were screaming for early copy.

In the laptop age and wandering platoons of television crews,
some of whom know the game, Super Bowl week has become a theater
of the excess and the silly question.

How about your home cooking, Gilbert Brown? Doesn't John Elway
scare you, Ray Buchanan? Who's your hair guy, Jimmy Johnson?

I like to think those earlier years were better years for the
Super Bowl media. There were fewer of us. More nuts-and-bolts
guys than soap bubble-and-fluff guys.

Early, early days

* Super Bowl I: My paper, The Philadelphia Inquirer,
didn't bother to cover the game, then known as the AFL-NFL World
Championship Game. I would have liked to have joined those intimate
give-and-take sessions with Packers coach Vince Lombardi and heard
those cutting pregame quotes from Fred "The Hammer" Williamson,
the Kansas City cornerback. Instead, I was at the Boston Garden
for an indoor track meet.

* Super Bowl II: Some reporters without tight deadlines
worked back at the media center, using handout quotes cranked
out by the NFL public relations machine. Val Pinchbeck, who later
became a broadcast executive, was in charge of coordinating the
early busses. "Some of the biggest names rode those busses,"
Pinchbeck said. "We would get back to the hotel and they would
go to eat. I'm not going to name names. But they were some of
the biggest names in the business."

 * Super Bowl II:

 I always liked Max McGee's style. Loose, free-spirited, laugh-a-minute.
I remember we once discussed the value of Paul Hornung, the Golden
Boy of Green Bay, to the Packers' offense. "He has small shoulders,
but a big butt," McGee told me. "We can always get his shoulders
through the hole. It's the butt we have to worry about." Sadly,
Hornung never carried the ball in a Packers Super Bowl because
of injuries.

* Super Bowl III: OnJan. 13, 1969, the day after the worst
defeat of Don Shula's coaching career, raindrops splashed the
windows of the Statler-Hilton Hotel in Fort Lauderdale. Shula's
Colts had been shocked by Joe Namath and the nervy New York Jets.
Yet, Shula, wearing a grim face that suggested lost sleep, appeared
before a half-dozen reporters in the Don Quixote room. "Rain,"
suggested Shula, "is fitting for the occasion." Somebody ordered
coffee and bagels, then Shula tried to explain how it all fell
apart. He kept coming back to Namath's skill at beating the Colts'
blitz. I always felt this was one of Shula's finest, if agonizing,
moments.  . . . When I put my binoculars on Namath in the
warm-ups, I suspected the Colts could be in trouble. There was
the quick dropback. Then the flick of the wrist and the hard spirals
to Don Maynard and George Sauer. This was a Super Bowl for the
ages, a day on which Namath became a legend.

Gamblers and beggars

* Super Bowl IV: Five days before the game, NBC-TV broke
a story that linked Chiefs quarterback Len Dawson to a Detroit
gambling probe. I rushed to the New Orleans Fontainebleau, where
Dawson read from a prepared statement ("I have not been contacted
by any law enforcement agency . . . ") but would not
answer questions. Back in the media room, I remember Washington
Star reporter Mo Siegel screaming, "I've got to get to my
bookie in Vegas." Dawson, it turned out, had a casual acquaintance
with a gambler but was not involved in any activity. What I also
remember was the white-glove treatment of writers, who conducted
interviews in the Chiefs' hotel rooms. I remember knocking on
the door of linebacker Jim Lynch's room. "C'mon in, good to see
you," said Lynch, shaking hands.

 * Super Bowl IV: This was the first Super Bowl played
only one week after the conference championship games. In Minneapolis,
Bud Grant's Vikings had easily beaten Cleveland with a vicious
ground game that piled up 222 yards in the bitter cold. Grant
arranged for an 8 a.m. news conference on Monday. My wake-up call
came an hour earlier. "Good morning, Mr. Forbes, the temperature
outside is 8 degrees. The expected high today is 11. Have a good
day." S-u-u-u-r-r-r-e-e-e. An hour later, Grant appeared at the
hotel, wearing thick boots and hunter's clothes. He had been out
in the bird fields since before dawn.

 * Super Bowl VII:To request an interview with a Redskin
other than a starter, you gave the name to a PR type, who summoned
the player from his room. At the end of the week, coach George
Allen was concerned. Nobody had yet called for Rusty Tillman,
a special-teams hitter. I'll always remember the sight of Allen
begging reporters to sign up for Tillman. One of us did.

 * Super Bowl VII:Somebody got the idea that it would be
fun to hold the commissioner's annual Friday night party aboard
the Queen Mary, docked at Long Beach, Calif. Some fun. I remember
guests weaving through the crowded rooms with plates of prime
rib, searching in vain for empty chairs. They gave us guided tours.
I'll always remember an amazing fact that struck me after watching
Titanic. At full speed ahead, the tour guide mentioned,
it takes 7 miles to stop the Queen Mary.

A day at the races

Super Bowl VIII: Mothers and girlfriends. Wives and cousins.
"Mothers, I love mothers," I remember Miami coach Don Shula
saying early in the week. The media had peppered Shula with questions
about where the players' relatives would stay and when they would
fly to Houston. And whether Shula would invoke the infamous 48-hour
rule that forces a player to abstain from sex for two days before
a game. Shula joked around the rule. But we all suspected his
rule was a 96-hour rule.

 * Super Bowl XI:Frank Luksa, a Dallas writer, and I drove
to Santa Anita for a Saturday at the races. After eight races,
I hadn't cashed a ticket. Luksa had hit an exacta and wanted to
stay for the final race. I elected to catch the last media bus
back to the hotel, with a half-dozen other writers. We were joined
by a friend of the driver, who revealed that he had won $ 29,000
by betting fast horses at long odds. Somewhere along the freeway,
we agreed to stop so the driver's friend could go to the bathroom.
The man with the thick wad gave each of us a $ 100 bill for the
courtesy; two bills for Dayton writer Si Burick and his wife.

Motor City bowl

* Super Bowl XVI:The first cold-weather Super Bowl was
a disaster in the minds of most writers. Actually, the movers
and shakers of Detroit staged an exceptional week with great accommodations
and service. I jogged every day, sometimes through snow trails.
By the end of the week, I concluded that Detroit was a great host
city. However, I also concluded that Super Bowls are not meant
to be played at cold-weather sites for two reasons: Obviously,
because it forces fans inside all week. Also, the narrow concourses
inside the Metrodome were dangerously packed hip-to-hip with milling
fans on game day.

 * Super Bowl XVII:The late Jack Kent Cooke threw a pregame
Redskins gala that has never been equaled. There was party horse
Joe Theismann, delivering fast words. There was John Riggins,
strutting in top hat and tails and poking air with a long cane.
The food was equal to that served in the finest Washington, D.C.,
restaurants; the ambience better.

 * Super Bowl XXIII:Rioting broke out in the Overtown section
of Miami after a Hispanic police officer killed a black motorcyclist.
I remember the liberal sports columnists flocking to the scene
of the burning, rock throwing and looting, eager to analyze the
violence and attach blame and innocence.

 * Super Bowl XXV: Eight time zones away, the Persian Gulf
War was raging, stirring fear of terrorism in Tampa, the Super
Bowl site. They brought in metal detectors, positioned them even
at the media. I remember walking past one of four large TV sets
in the media workroom and thinking how bizarre it all was. I was
up to check on a fact about Buffalo defensive end Bruce Smith,
while on the television screen life was turning to death.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, 1983 AP file photo; PHOTO, B/W, 1977 AP file photo; PHOTO,
B/W, 1973 AP file photo; MVP run: The Redskins' John Riggins ran off with player
of the game honors after shaking off Dolphins cornerback Don McNeal on a
fourth-and-1 call for a 43-yard touchdown.  Down and out: Fran Tarkenton (10)
and the Vikings are one of two teams who reached the Super Bowl four times but
lost each one.  Ups and downs: Don Shula capped a 17-0 Dolphins season with a
14-7 win but also coached the Colts who lost to Joe Namath's Jets.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              65 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  February 17, 2000, Thursday, FINAL EDITION
                              Correction Appended

He wants to save the world Turner still thinks big

BYLINE: Jill Lieber

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1774 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA


ATLANTA -- Ted Turner isn't afraid to go anywhere. In his Ford
Taurus. In his private jet. And especially in his brain.

If you'd had a penny for all the wild, off-the-wall ideas that
have streamed from the Time Warner vice chairman's lips over the
years, you'd be a multi-billionaire by now, too.

Like beaming that fuzzy, alien UHF television station over a satellite
to a national audience in December 1976.


Like launching that overly-serious CNN, the first 24-hour, all-news
network in June 1980.

Like buying the MGM/United Artists studios for $ 2 billion in March
1986 and snatching up Hanna-Barbera's animation library for $ 320
million in December 1991. At least, the cynics laughed, Turner
will have Judy Garland, Wilma Flintstone and Judy Jetson to keep
him warm during all those long, lonely nights in the poor house.

But there is a method to Turner's madness. You see, behind his
entrepreneurial spirit lies a much higher, and deeper, social
agenda.

"Whenever I interview a prospective employee, inevitably they
ask about Dad's personality and character," says Beau Turner,
32, Ted's youngest son, who's the head of operations for his father's
19 ranches worldwide.

"I tell them, 'You've just spent two hours with me, and I'm with
him.' Ninety percent of the stuff he says is right on; it's scary.
Now, you may think he's a dumb redneck. But I swear, he's a lot
like Forrest Gump. You know, 'Stupid is as stupid does.'

"If you underestimate him, you're the fool."

Today, Turner launches another of his trademark wacky ideas. This
time, it's the 2000 Winter Goodwill Games in Lake Placid,
N.Y.

The four-day event, which runs through Sunday, features 500 athletes
from 23 countries, competing in a finals-only format in 11 sports,
vying for more than $ 700,000 in prize money.

Turner has won the America's Cup. His baseball team captured the
World Series. Now he has his sights set on the world.

Offers Terry McGuirk, chairman and CEO of Turner Broadcasting:
"Ted's a guy who goes around filling up vacuums. His ideas may
seem spontaneous, but they have long take-off periods. He has
the ability to test them, in his mind, in 100 different ways that
others haven't even thought of. He's the most pragmatic businessman
I've ever met."

Who else would've figured out that bison are more economically
feasible and environmentally sound to ranch than cattle? Turner
is the country's largest landholder with more than 1.6 million
acres and a bison herd that totals 17,000.

Who else would've contributed $ 1 billion to the United Nations
to tackle concerns such as population, children's health and the
environment?

Who else would've printed bumper stickers that read, "I Brake
for Butterflies" and "Save the Humans"?

So, why aren't more tremendously wealthy people willing to regularly
shoot from the hip about global concerns and constantly put their
money where their mouths are?

"Because they probably don't think they can really have that
much of an impact," Turner says. "I'm just crazy enough to believe
I can have an impact.

"After having done CNN and the Superstation, winning the America's
Cup in l977 and the '95 World Series with the Atlanta Braves,
I feel that I can do just about anything. Except have a successful
marriage. But I've tried. At least, I'm still trying. I haven't
given up.

"Nobody got brutalized. I'm on speaking terms with my two ex-wives,
and the one that I'm split with at the current time," Turner
says of Jane Fonda. "At least we're on speaking terms. We just
couldn't live together. But we didn't drop nuclear weapons on
each other."

The games

This year marks the fifth Goodwill Games since 1986, when Turner
hatched the event to bring together athletes from the USA and
the Soviet Union after the Cold War boycotts of the 1980 and 1984
Summer Olympic Games. And it's Turner's first foray into the winter
sports wonderland of blizzards, Zambonis and sub-freezing temperatures.

To borrow a line from the late President John F. Kennedy, some
people ask, why? But Ted Turner asks, why not . . . go
to Lake Placid?

But, hey, that's a whole lot better than Siberia, which is where
he initially wanted to stage these Games. In fact, he was so jazzed
about that crazy notion that, during the 1994 Summer Goodwill
Games in St. Petersburg, Russia, he made a special trip to Krasnojask,
Siberia, to see if it was a viable venue.

After a fishing trip with Beau, which featured mosquitoes the
size of hummingbirds, Turner had had quite enough of Siberia,
thank you.

Although the Summer Goodwill Games reportedly have lost more than
$ 120 million, with the blessing of Time Warner chairman and CEO
Gerald M. Levin and the company's shareholders, Turner waved his
mighty magic wand and said, "Let there be downhill skiing, bobsledding,
speedskating, snowboarding, luge . . . " And voila.

Up jumped 10 big-name corporate sponsors. Out popped enormous
national print ads in newspapers and magazines, as well as giant
outdoor billboards throughout the country.

And now comes word that America Online, which announced a merger
last month with Time Warner, will provide live, interactive coverage
of the Games, in the first cross-promotional initiative of the
new $ 128 billion communications giant.

International sports

Except for a brief command performance at Time Warner management
meetings in New York and Atlanta later today, Turner will be front
and center in Lake Placid the entire time, dressed in long johns
and mukluks, hiking from venue to venue, lapping up the thrill
of victory and the agony of defeat.

Why? Because, to his core, Turner believes in anything that promotes
peace, harmony, understanding and brotherhood.

"I was one of those kids," says Turner, 61. "As a boy, what
I wanted to do more than anything else was win an Olympic gold
medal. I tried four times over sixteen years in sailing, but I
never made it.

"I started developing my international understanding and my love
for the whole planet through sports, the contacts that I made
racing sailboats around the world.

"If it hadn't been for international sports, who knows? I might
have been the right-wing nationalist and believed in isolation,
that we just ought to build a big wall around the United States
and wall the rest of the world out and we could live in glorious
prosperity while everyone else is starving and in misery around
us."

Turner maintains the Goodwill Games are the second-best idea he
ever had. The first was CNN.

"We have to have as much contact with people from other countries
as possible," Turner says. "So that we can understand that we're
all one race, that we're all human beings."

Henry Yushkiavitshus, the former vice-chairman of the Soviet TV
and radio committee from 1971-91, who helped Turner launch his
first two Goodwill Games, agrees.

"Some people think that the Goodwill Games have outlived their
original purpose. But I'm afraid they're more important than ever,"
says Yushkiavitshus, now the assistant director general of UNESCO
in Paris.

"This bridge between the two nations has to be reinforced. Ted
can do a lot for improving relations. I just hope he's not tired.
A tired Ted Turner wouldn't be Ted Turner."

Slowing down?

Unfortunately, Turner admits, he's not what he used to be.

"I've moved very fast in my life, and deep down inside, I'm somewhat
tired," Turner says. "I've worked harder than most people did
or do.

"I'm sure that it's not healthy to be a super achiever or to
be super driven. I think the happiest people are those who have
more normal levels of ambition and drive."

Still, he'll never forget what his father, Ed Turner, preached:
Always set your goals higher than what you can achieve in your
lifetime. His dad shot himself at the age of 53 because he'd already
exceeded his dreams and couldn't reorient himself to seek out
other mountains to climb.

And that's where Turner's ambition to save the world comes in.
There's no bigger job than that, he says, with a twinkle in his
eye.

Other than the Goodwill Games, sports are rarely on Turner's mind.
Oh, when he's in Atlanta, he'll try to catch a Hawks or Thrashers
game. But you're more likely to see him during baseball season,
sitting in his box near the Braves dugout.

Ask him if he's upset that for the first time in almost 150 years
an American boat won't be sailing in the America's Cup, and he'll
go ballistic.

"Am I sad about it?" he bellows. "I'm much more concerned about
the AIDS epidemic, landmines, the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty,
and the status of women and clitorectomies that are still going
on in the world!"

Then, why not run for president?

"I came close to running this time, but Jane put the kibosh on
it," he says. "She said that if I ran she'd leave me. It's too
late now, fortunately. Honestly, my nerves are too shot for the
job."

Save yourself

Suddenly, Turner leaps from the sofa in his office high atop CNN
Center, bounds across the room to his massive desk and fetches
a ceramic music box with Pinocchio and Jiminy Cricket on the top.
Turner winds it up, and it begins to play, When You Wish Upon
a Star.

"I've always identified with Jiminy Cricket," Turner says, beaming
like a child. "Until Pinocchio became a real boy, Jiminy Cricket
was his conscience." He pauses.

"You know, I'm not looking for any big rewards," he says. "I'm
not a religious person. I believe this life is all we have. I'm
not doing what I'm doing to be rewarded in heaven or punished
in hell. I'm doing it because I feel it's the right thing to do.

"Almost every religion talks about a savior coming. When you
look in the mirror in the morning, when you're putting on your
lipstick or shaving, you're looking at the savior. Nobody else
is going to save you but yourself."

Rumor has it that Antarctica is under consideration for a future
Winter Goodwill Games site. In a couple of weeks, Turner's hopping
a ride on a DC-3 so he can survey that piece of tundra. With that
trip he'll become one of the few people who have stepped foot
on all seven continents in a 12-month period.

"I'm going to fly down for lunch," says Turner, who'll be traveling
from his ranch in Argentina, some 600 miles from Antarctica.

"I'm going to walk around, then go home. I've seen a lot of documentaries.
I don't need to be there for six months. You've seen one penguin,
you've seen them all."

There he goes again.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: February 18, 2000, Friday

CORRECTION:  A story in the Feb. 17 edition should have attributed to the late
Sen. Robert F. Kennedy a paraphrased quotation about some people who ask, why?

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, Color, Michael Schwarz, USA TODAY (3); PHOTO, B/W, Robert
Hanashiro, USA TODAY; Man of many callings: Multi-billionaire ideas guy Ted
Turner says of himself, 'I'm just crazy enough to believe I can have an impact.'
Heavy hitters: Ted Turner watches his beloved Atlanta Braves with wife Jane
Fonda, with whom he's now separated, and former President Jimmy Carter.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              71 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     May 25, 2000, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Books in season Summer readers have it made in the shade: Puzo, Potter and more

BYLINE: Deirdre Donahue

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1328 words


Let's be honest: It's a savage competition for eyeballs out there
on the beach or at poolside. The written word has to compel the
mind back to the page -- and away from the glistening-with-oil,
pert curve of a shapely male or female buttock twitching by, highlighted,
not hidden, by a wee bit o' spandex.

Yet year in and year out, that little Gutenberg-powered device,
the book, does it, even in its new e-book manifestations. (It
helps, of course, that sex and escapism fuel a lot of summertime
plots.)

An examination of the archives of the USA TODAY Best-Selling Books
lists from the past six years reveals that summer fun includes
reading things beyond sunblock labels. Indeed, book sales increase
by 17% in the month of May from the month of April, and the sales
remain warm through August.


It should be noted, of course, that those national days of parental
genuflection skew the sales somewhat: Mother's Day in May and
Father's Day in June. Children ladled up plenty of Chicken
Soup for the Mother's Soul this year.

Fiction takes its biggest chunk of the list of the top 150 best
sellers during the summer: Almost three out of four of the books
sold in July are novels.

"People have more time off to read. They are on vacation -- you
have a bit more leisure," says Simon & Schuster publisher
David Rosenthal.

This year, some of the biggest competitors will be rising from
beyond the grave. Half a million copies of Mario Puzo's Omerta
(Random House, $ 25.95) will hit the shelves July 5. The godfather
of Mafia fiction, the man who gave us the unforgettable world
of family values alla marinara, died July 2, 1999, but
had finished the novel. Omerta refers to the Sicilian code
of honor and silence.

Joseph Heller's Portrait of an Artist, as an Old Man (Simon
& Schuster, $ 23) will hit stores June 12, the day his publisher
hosts a memorial service in New York for the author of Catch-22,
who died Dec. 12, 1999. His last novel examines the plight of
a writer whose first book blasts to the literary firmament, thus
ensuring that all future works will compare unfavorably. An autobiographical
element, perhaps?

Anne Rivers Siddons might be described as the living doyenne of
tasteful women's summer fiction. Set in her native Georgia, Nora,
Nora (HarperCollins, $ 25) will arrive in stores July 18. In
the past five years, all her books have been released during the
summer months.

Hip chicks -- the kind who totter around showing their bra straps
and wearing clunky mules -- might gobble up Welcome to My Planet:
Where English Is Sometimes Spoken by Shannon Olson (Viking,
$ 22.95), out now. This tale of twentysomething woe clearly wants
to home in on the Bridget Jones/Girls' Guide to Hunting
and Fishing audience. And E. Lynn Harris, that troubadour
of love, returns mid-July with Not a Day Goes By (Doubleday,
$ 19.95).

No emotional mewling will be tolerated Aug. 14 when techno-king
Tom Clancy releases his first novel in two years, The Bear
and the Dragon (Putnam, $ 27.95). U.S. President Jack Ryan,
along with trusted op John Clark, grapples with global crises
in Russia and China. The book has a first printing of 2 million
copies.

But that preteen wizard, Harry Potter, dwarfs even Big Tom. Scholastic
has an announced first printing for Harry Potter IV of
3.8 million copies. (The title of the fourth installment, which
will be more than 700 pages long, will remain a mystery until
the day it arrives in stores: July 8.)

Harry Potter mania has proved that no Game Boy can rival
a great story. But the summer months have always been a surprisingly
successful time for the classics: The USA TODAY list traditionally
boasts such authors as Ernest Hemingway. (His titles that sell
well: The Old Man and the Sea, The Sun Also Rises,
For Whom the Bell Tolls.) His posthumous release, True
at First Light, was a best seller last summer.

Other best-selling summertime classic authors include George Orwell
(Animal Farm, 1984), J.R.R. Tolkien (The Hobbit),
John Knowles (A Separate Peace), Ray Bradbury (Fahrenheit
451) and Aldous Huxley (Brave New World). Do
three simple words -- love of literature -- explain this phenomenon?
Not quite. Try "required reading lists." But some people do
use their uninterrupted vacation time to read serious books.

"I talk to people about concentration levels," says Cathy Langer,
a senior buyer at Denver's famed Tattered Cover bookstores. "You
walk down the beach, and you see everything from suspense to large
non-fiction tomes." For example, Jacques Barzun's cultural treatise,
From Dawn to Decadence (HarperCollins, $ 36), has
been popular at The Tattered Cover's two stores in the past two
weeks.

Another trend observed by Langer: women scarfing up light fiction
such as Judy Blume's Summer Sisters.

And in the sleeper-hit department, Langer bets on Alice Steinbach's
Without Reservations: The Travels of an Independent Woman
(Random House, $ 24.95). The story of a woman who travels through
Europe for a year "takes you someplace even if you're not going
anywhere. People like books that give you a vacation," Langer
says.

Laurence Kirshbaum, the chairman of Time Warner Trade Publishing,
observes the same dual pattern: easy-reading paperbacks mixing
with more serious books. He has high hopes for his trade edition
of Janet Fitch's acclaimed White Oleander (Back Bay, $ 13.95),
which Oprah Winfrey selected for her book club. (Within publishing,
Winfrey rivals Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan with her
ability to move the marketplace.)

And then there are the eternal favorites -- "books you can read
with sand in the middle," Kirshbaum says.

The list certainly reflects this: In July and August, paperbacks
account for 68% of sales, their highest proportion for the year.

And it appears that while Christmas is the season when people
buy gift books for others, it is summertime when they indulge
their hearts' true desire and revel in the secret pleasures of
genre writing.

Among the trends:

 * Romance.  Sales are steady year-round, but they are
hottest in August.

* Mysteries. Sales tend to rise in July and August. For
example, James Lee Burke and Faye Kellerman are both hot during
the summer, judging by their sales as tracked by USA TODAY. In
her 12th Peter Decker/Rina Lazarus novel, Stalker (Morrow,
$ 25), Kellerman presents an old character in a more prominent
role this August: LAPD rookie Cynthia Decker, Peter's daughter.
James Lee Burke's new Dave Robicheaux mystery, Purple Cane
Road (Doubleday, $ 24.95), will amble in this August

* Horror. May through August are the peak months.

* Fantasy/science fiction. Sales peak in June, July and
August.

And all those long family drives translate into strong audiotape
sales. Listening to recorded books "is something they can do
together," says the publishing director of Random House Audible,
Mary Beth Roche.

But the beach read has changed in certain ways since, say, June
4, 1978, when Colleen McCullough ruled at the apex of the book
lists with her Australian sizzler, The Thorn Birds.

"Certain elements of the beach read -- the sexuality, the escapism
-- has infested books throughout the rest of the year," Simon
& Schuster's Rosenthal says. "You don't have to wait for
summer for a love story nowadays."

Contributing: Anthony DeBarros and Jacqueline Blais

TEXT WITHIN GRAPHICS BEGINS HERE

Fiction fires up

Sales of fiction peak in July and August, influenced partly by
higher interest in genre books such as mysteries and romances.

July 71%

Paperbacks peak

Sales of paperbacks outnumber hardcovers year-round, but especially
so during July and August, when they account for 68% of sales.

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Sam Ward, USA TODAY; GRAPHIC, B/W, Elizabeth Wing, USA
TODAY; GRAPHIC, B/W, Elizabeth Wing, USA TODAY, Sources: USA TODAY Best-Selling
Books, January 1994 to December 1999; analysis by Jacqueline Blais and Anthony
DeBarros; PHOTO, B/W, Heyward Siddons; PHOTOS, Color (4); Cats' meow: Anne
Rivers Siddons with Maggie, left, and Maude.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              79 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 4, 2000, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

La Nia redrawing weather patterns

BYLINE: Blake Morrison

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 517 words


In Arkansas on Monday, streets flooded. In New York, no one needed
a coat. In Illinois, high winds took the roof off a city building.
Just a few days before, in San Diego County, Calif., 5 inches
of snow topped Mount Laguna.


Welcome to a La Ni[ntilde]a winter, where on any given day (Monday,
for instance), Philadelphia can be just as balmy as Los Angeles.

Strange as the weather may seem, it comes as little surprise to
meteorologists. Since fall, just as they did last year, they've
been talking about milder-than-normal conditions in the mid-Atlantic
states, an increased risk of severe weather in the Ohio Valley,
and below-normal temperatures on the California coast.

"You get warm spells, cold spells," says Jim Laver, deputy director
of the National Weather Service's Climate Prediction Center. "We
expect those swings." By winter's end, he says, everything should
even out. "If you look at last year's results, we don't expect
it to be too much different this year."

La Ni[ntilde]a is created by cooler-than-normal waters in the
eastern tropical Pacific Ocean. The cooler waters alter the strength
and location of jet streams, which steer weather systems. For
the second winter in a row, meteorologists predict, La Ni[ntilde]a
will run the show. Although it hasn't brought as much snow to
regions such as the Pacific Northwest this year, it has delivered
warmer weather to areas east of the Appalachians.

"I think it was probably the warmest November on record for the
United States, and December has probably continued that pattern,"
says Kevin Trenberth, an atmospheric scientist with the National
Center for Atmospheric Research.

In Philadelphia, the high was a record 63 degrees. In New York
City, the temperature topped at 64. At Boston's Logan Airport,
the 64-degree high broke the record of 62 set in 1913. Records
also were broken in Concord, N.H.; Portland, Maine; Providence;
and Burlington, Vt.

Temperatures in the region were supposed to remain unseasonably
warm today and Wednesday.

However, Trenberth warned, "It's going to be a lot cooler over
most of the country in the next week or so, and some wintry weather
looks to be in store for us in at least the next couple of weeks."

In the upper Midwest, that wintry weather could come today. Although
overnight lows in Cleveland were expected to stay about 50 degrees
Monday night, the city is in line for snow this afternoon. Meteorologists
also predict major changes for Chicago, where a moderate Monday
edged toward a windy and snowy night.

Trenberth says La Ni[ntilde]a weather patterns could linger through
March, "but it could well fade when it comes to the spring."
By then, folks might no longer need jackets in New York anyway.
The trees downed by heavy thunderstorms in Arkansas will have
long been removed. And the roof that blew off a garage at the
municipal complex in Cambria, Ill., will have been replaced.

As for the snow in San Diego County? It's probably already gone.

Contributing: Valerie Alvord in San Diego and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: January 06, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, USA TODAY, Source:National Weather Service(Map); PHOTO,
b/w, Larry McKenzie, (Carbondale) Southern Illinoisan; Wind damage: Eleanore
Robinson, left, and Shirley Sauerhage help collect debris in a neighbor's home
in Carbondale, Ill.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              80 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 4, 2000, Tuesday, FIRST EDITION

La Nia redrawing weather patterns

BYLINE: Blake Morrison

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 570 words


In Arkansas on Monday, streets flooded. In New York, no one needed
a coat. In Illinois, high winds took the roof off a city building.
And just a few days before, in San Diego County, Calif., 5 inches
of snow topped Mount Laguna.


Welcome to a La Ni[ntilde]a winter, where on any given day (Monday,
for instance), Philadelphia can be just as balmy as Los Angeles.

Strange as the weather may seem, it comes as little surprise to
meteorologists. Since fall, just as they did last year, they've
been talking about milder-than-normal conditions in the mid-Atlantic
States, an increased risk of severe weather in the Ohio Valley,
and below-normal temperatures on the California coast.

"You get warm spells, cold spells. You get variability," says
Jim Laver, deputy director of the National Weather Service's Climate
Prediction Center. "We expect those swings." By the end of the
winter, he says, everything should even out. "If you look at
last year's results, we don't expect it to be too much different
this year."

La Ni[ntilde]a is the phenomenon created by cooler-than-normal
waters in the eastern tropical Pacific Ocean. The cooler waters
affect the strength and location of the jet streams, which steer
weather systems.

For the second winter in a row, meteorologists predict, La Ni[ntilde]a
will run the show. And although it hasn't brought as much snow
to regions such as the Pacific Northwest this year, it has delivered
warmer weather to areas east of the Appalachians.

"It certainly has been extraordinarily warm," says Kevin Trenberth,
an atmospheric scientist with the National Center for Atmospheric
Research. "I think it was probably the warmest November on record
for the United States, and December has probably continued that
pattern."

Consider these East Coast highs Monday:

In Philadelphia, the high was a record 63 degrees. In New York,
the temperature topped at 64. At Boston's Logan Airport, the 64-degree
high broke the old record of 62 set in 1913. And records also
were broken in Concord, N.H.; Portland, Maine; Providence; and
Burlington, Vt.

"It is a bit spooky," says Joshua Cohen, who ate his lunch in
shirtsleeves on a park bench in Boston's Post Office Square.

Temperatures in the region were supposed to remain unseasonably
warm today and Wednesday.

But, Trenberth warns, "the pattern seems to be changing. It's
going to be a lot cooler over most of the country in the next
week or so, and some wintry weather looks to be in store for us
in at least the next couple of weeks."

In the upper Midwest, that wintry weather could come today. Although
overnight lows in Cleveland were expected to stay around 50 degrees
Monday night, the city is in line for snow this afternoon. Meteorologists
also predict major changes for Chicago, where a moderate Monday
edged toward a windy and snowy night.

Trenberth said La Ni[ntilde]a weather patterns could linger through
March, "but it could well fade when it comes to the spring."

By then, folks may no longer need jackets in New York anyway.
The trees downed by heavy thunderstorms in Arkansas will have
long since been removed. And the roof that blew off a garage at
the Cambria, Ill., municipal complex will have been replaced.

As for the snow in San Diego County? It's probably already gone.

 Contributing: Valerie Alvord in San Diego and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: January 06, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, USA TODAY, Source:National Weather Service(Map); PHOTO,
b/w, Larry McKenzie, (Carbondale) Southern Illinoisan; PHOTO, b/w, Tom Killips,
The (Troy, N.Y.) Record; Wind damage: Eleanore Robinson, left, and Shirley
Sauerhage help collect debris in a neighbor's home in Carbondale, Ill.
Unseasonable: Walt Peretti III jogs by holiday decorations in Albany, N.Y.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              81 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 28, 2000, Friday, FIRST EDITION

'Profound obligation' to build more perfect union

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 732 words


Prepared text of the president's address:

Never before has our nation enjoyed, at once, so much prosperity
and social progress with so little internal crisis and so few
external threats. Never before have we had such a blessed opportunity,
and therefore, such a profound obligation, to build the more perfect
union.  . . . My fellow Americans, the state of our union
is the strongest it has ever been.

We have crossed the bridge we built to the 21st century.
Now, we must shape a 21st-century American revolution -- of opportunity,
responsibility and community. We must be now as we were in the
beginning, a new nation.


To 21st century America, let us pledge these things: Every
child will begin school ready to learn and graduate ready to succeed.
Every family will be able to succeed at home and at work, and
no child will be raised in poverty. We will meet the challenge
of the aging of America. We will assure quality, affordable health
care at last for all Americans. We will make America the safest
big country on earth.  . . . We will bring prosperity to
every American community. We will reverse the course of climate
change and leave a safer, cleaner planet. America will lead the
world toward shared peace and prosperity, and the far frontiers
of science and technology. And we will become at last what our
founders pledged us to be so long ago -- one nation, under God,
indivisible, with liberty and justice for all.

For too long this Congress has been standing still on some
of our most pressing national priorities. So let's begin tonight
with them. I again ask you to pass a real patients' rights bill.
I ask you to pass common-sense gun-safety legislation. I ask you
to pass campaign-finance reform. I ask you to vote up or down
on judicial nominations and other important appointees. And again,
I ask you, I implore you, to raise the minimum wage.

Work with me to make a bipartisan down payment on Social
Security reform by crediting the interest savings from debt reduction
to the Social Security Trust Fund so that it will be strong and
sound for the next 50 years.

Let's double our investment to help states and districts
turn around their worst-performing schools, or shut them down.
Let's double our investment in after-school and summer-school
programs, which boost achievement and keep children off the street
and out of trouble. If we do this, we can give every child in
every failing school in America the chance to meet high standards.

I propose a landmark $ 30-billion college opportunity tax
cut, a middle-class tax deduction for up to $ 10,000 in college
tuition costs.  . . . We've already made two years of college
affordable for all. It's time to make four years of college affordable
for all.

We should reduce the marriage penalty for the Earned Income
Tax Credit, to make sure it rewards marriage, rewards work. And
we should expand the tax credit for families with more than two
children to provide up to $ 1,100 more in tax relief.

Let's make America the safest big country in the world.
 . . . We must strengthen gun laws and better enforce laws
already on the books.  . . . I propose to hire more federal
and local gun prosecutors, and more ATF agents to crack down on
illegal gun traffickers and bad-apple dealers. And we must give
law enforcement the tools to trace every gun and every bullet
used in a crime in America.

Today, opportunity for all requires something new: having
access to a computer and knowing how to use it. That means we
must close the digital divide between those who have these tools
and those who don't. Connecting classrooms and libraries to the
Internet is crucial.

Within 10 years there will be no majority race in our largest
state, California. In a little more than 50 years, there will
be no majority race in America.  . . . No American should
be subjected to discrimination in finding a home, getting a job,
going to school or securing a loan. Tonight, I propose the largest
ever investment to enforce America's civil rights laws.

We should be filled with gratitude and humility for our
prosperity and progress; with awe and joy at what lies ahead;
and with absolute determination to make the most of it.  .
. . As long as our dreams outweigh our memories, America will
be forever young. That is our destiny.



LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              84 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 2, 2000, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

New Mexico State: Chicago's team? Illinois link vital element for 13-5 Aggies

BYLINE: Eddie Timanus

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 11C

LENGTH: 578 words


Chicago is a long way from Las Cruces, N.M. -- 1,236 miles as
the crow flies. But the long trip has its advantages for some
members of the New Mexico State basketball team.

"My parents came down this weekend," says Eric Channing, who
came to Las Cruces from Wheaton, Ill., and is the Aggies' second-leading
scorer. "They were telling me how cold it was in Chicago. This
is quite a change."


The pleasant Southwestern climate helps, but the opportunity to
play has been the principal draw for numerous Illinois natives
contributing to the Aggies' success. New Mexico State (13-5, 4-2
Big West) is bidding for a return to the NCAA tournament in veteran
coach Lou Henson's second stint with the Aggies.

NMSU won its 13th consecutive home game Saturday, beating UC-Irvine
66-59. Channing led the way with 19 points, hitting all three
of his three-point tries.

Channing arrived at New Mexico State last year along with five
transfers from the defunct program at Northeastern Illinois, including
scoring leader Billy Keys.

The Illinois connection began when NMSU coaxed Henson out of retirement.
In the aftermath of an NCAA investigation, Henson, who had spent
21 seasons at the helm at Illinois, agreed to coach the Aggies
on an interim basis for the 1997-98 season.

"I really hadn't planned on coaching again," says Henson, who
insisted on working without a salary or staff that interim season.
"They wanted me to stay after that, so I signed a four-year contract
the next season and brought in assistants."

One of his hires was Thomas Trotter, who had been an assistant
at Northeastern Illinois for 10 years. Northeastern Illinois had
dropped its athletic program the previous year.

"I was highly disappointed," Keys says. "I told Coach Trotter,
'If you get a head coaching job or an assistant job somewhere,
I want to play for you.' He's the one who gave me a chance to
play in Division I."

Says Henson: "We were only interested in recruiting a couple
of their players at first. Later on, when our recruiting wasn't
going that well, we brought in a couple more. We weren't allowed
to recruit junior-college players."

Says Keys: "We owe it all to the guys who were here. They embraced
us with open arms. We came in with a great attitude. We didn't
come in here saying, 'Hey, we're Northeastern Illinois.' We came
early in the summer just to work out with the guys and get our
chemistry going."

Trotter also helped land Channing out of high school. "I played
with his son in a summer league, so he told them about me," Channing
says. "New Mexico State was the best fit for me. I had a chance
to come in and contribute right away."

The team meshed quickly and won the Big West tournament to earn
an NCAA berth. But Henson is just as proud of his team's academic
accomplishments. Four players, including Channing, achieved perfect
4.0 grade-point averages last semester. "There probably aren't
many programs in the country who can say that," Henson says.

Henson, who has 717 career victories, wouldn't speculate on continuing
coaching beyond his current contract, but he hopes to keep the
Chicago pipeline flowing. "We signed a couple more Illinois kids
this year," he says. "We're very familiar with the area, and
we'll continue to recruit up there."

New Mexico State heads into an important road swing, visiting
Nevada on Thursday and division-leading Utah State on Saturday.

LOAD-DATE: February 02, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Dale Fulkerson, AP; PHOTO, B/W, Norm Dettlaff, Las Cruces
(N.M.) Sun-News via AP; Headed south: Billy Keys is one of seven New Mexico
State players with an Illinois connection. Five came after Northeastern Illinois
dropped its program.  Second stint: There have been two Lou Henson eras at New
Mexico State -- and NCAA berths in both.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              93 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 18, 2000, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Battered markets surge For buyers out there, 'everything's on sale'

BYLINE: Christine Dugas; Thomas A. Fogarty

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1381 words


If you're the type of person who buys clothes on sale and looks
for cheap airfares on the Internet, why not take advantage of
a stock market meltdown to buy bargain-priced stocks and mutual
funds?

"Everything is on sale," says Judy Lau, a financial planner
in Wilmington, Del. "Some stocks are off 30% to 40%, and others
are off 10%. It's a great time to load up." That's the attitude
that contributed to Monday's snap-back in U.S. stock markets.

Even novice investors know they're supposed to buy low and sell
high. But finding a true bargain isn't as simple as trying on
a pair of shoes that have been marked down 25%. "The question
of where to invest amid all the carnage is no small task," says
financial planner Jonathan Pond, author of Your Money Matters.



You might be tempted to snap up some of the high-flying technology
stocks that have plunged to earth. But financial experts say that
now, more than ever, it's important to make sure your portfolio
is diversified and that you're investing in quality companies
with a proven track record.

Peter Ricchiuti, assistant dean of the business school at Tulane
University in New Orleans, says that last week's market losses
signaled what could be a return to investing fundamentals. "There's
a trauma effect to this. It's a big, big shift for investors."

Until last week, he says, his students questioned the value of
class time spent on such fundamentals as price-to-earnings ratios,
return on equity, dividend yields and the like. Now, he says,
they are scurrying around looking for their class notes.

If you have your eye on a stock or mutual fund, don't become paralyzed
trying to make sure the market has really hit bottom before you
invest. Nobody knows where stocks are going from here. The cautious
approach is to invest some money now, experts say. Then if the
market goes into another tailspin, you can jump in again.

Last week's slide shook only part of the speculation out of the
market, experts say.

"No one knows if the market has hit bottom," says Robert Wacker,
a financial planner in San Luis Obispo, Calif. "But in terms
of value, you can't deny that it's much more attractive than it
was three weeks ago. We feel this is certainly a better opportunity
(to buy) than we've had all year."

'I'll buy 100 shares and see where they go'

James Edmiston, 47, of Sycamore, Ill., is preparing to take the
plunge. He says prices of some technology stocks have come down
so much that he's planning to change the way he invests.

Until now, Edmiston invested almost exclusively in mutual funds,
relying heavily on Janus Mercury and American Century Ultra. Both
funds invest aggressively in stocks of large companies. The only
individual stock Edmiston owns is IBM, which he buys through an
employee purchase plan.

Now Edmiston is planning to buy optical-fiber maker Corning and
telecommunications equipment maker Motorola. He's also thinking
about computer chip maker Advanced Micro Devices and Extreme Networks,
which makes high-speed networking gear.

Edmiston, who develops communications networks for large corporations,
says he's confident that each of those companies has a strong
role in new technologies, and current prices make them hard to
ignore.

"I'm getting some money I consider play money, and I'm going
to take a flier," he says. "I'll buy 100 shares and see where
they go."

Nothing wrong with that, experts say. But although some of the
biggest bargains may be in the technology sector, that isn't necessarily
where you should invest. You should have a diversified portfolio
that includes a mixture of stocks and mutual funds: small-company
stocks and funds, large-company, growth-oriented and value oriented
(the bargain stocks and bargain-hunting funds). Many investors
who plunged into technology stocks to the exclusion of other sectors
are hurting now.

"For the last 18 months, diversification has been a hard sell,"
Lau says. "Investors said, 'Why give up rate of return for diversification?'
The reason is because you end up getting something back: a little
more stability."

And if you want to diversify, there are bargains in many stock
sectors now. Among them:

* Financial stocks have gotten battered across the board,
Wacker says. He likes Charles Schwab, for one.

* Many consumer products companies, such as Gillette, Procter
& Gamble and Coca-Cola, have been bypassed as investors flocked
to more exciting technology stocks, Pond says. But no matter what's
happening with the economy, you'll always want deodorant, soap
and soft drinks.

* Ricchiuti says last week's meltdown created bargains
in oil-service stocks, including Gulf Island Fabrication and Superior
Energy Services.

Buying in this climate takes some courage

Not everyone is in a buying mood, however. John Raby, 56, of Pensacola,
Fla., moved 80% of his investment portfolio to money market mutual
funds last weekend. The money had been invested in a variety of
stock mutual funds.

Raby, who is in charge of information technology for the city,
reviews his investments once a week and makes his money moves
strictly on the basis of a system he's developed himself over
18 years.

But Chuck Carlson, manager of the Strong Dow 30 Value fund, says
courage now will pay off later. "Long-term investors have to
step up to the plate and buy their favorite stocks," he says.
"It's not the easiest thing to do. But you make your money buying
good stocks when they pull back."

Carlson says lots of stocks are reasonably priced relative to
their historical price-earnings ratio (a stock's price divided
by its earnings per share). In the Dow Jones industrial average
-- on which Carlson's fund focuses -- he points to General Motors,
Eastman-Kodak and drugmaker Merck as examples. In an unsettled
market, "you'll see money migrating into Dow stocks because of
their liquidity and perceived safety," he says.

If you don't know where to start, let your goals and your portfolio
be your guide, says Diahann Lassus, a financial planner in New
Providence, N.J. Don't buy stocks or stock funds with money you'll
need in the next three years, no matter how attractive they look.

Then, buy with your whole portfolio in mind. Say, for example,
you wanted to have 10% of your money in growth stocks and now
that figure's at 7% because of the market drop. It's a good time
to look for bargains there, Lassus says.

Earlier this year, while Internet stocks were riding high, investors
could buy almost anything and watch it rise. That time appears
to be past, Pond says. "You have to look for quality. The majority
of Internet stocks have no long-term economic viability. But some
high quality technology stocks are much more attractive."

Look for companies that are making money, have a good business
purpose and are leaders in their field, Lau says.

One way to find some measure of quality in "new economy" stocks
is to buy shares in the technology-heavy Nasdaq 100 Trust (ticker:
QQQ), managed by the Nasdaq and Amex stock exchanges. When you
buy QQQ shares, you get shares in the trust, which basically is
a stock-index mutual fund. It owns shares of all the stocks that
make up the Nasdaq 100 index -- that is, the largest and most
active non-financial Nasdaq stocks.

Because the index is limited to stocks of the 100 largest Nasdaq
companies ranked by market capitalization (number of shares outstanding
times the share price), the stocks also tend to represent some
of the most successful companies on the Nasdaq exchange. QQQ shares
trade like a stock. And, as with a stock, you must buy them through
a broker.

It'll take more than an attractive price

Greg Reinhard, an insurance salesman in Metairie, La., has a large
stock portfolio, and though he's always on the prowl for bargains,
he believes tech stocks are still overvalued, despite the big
blow-off since March.

"I've got to have a stock with a P-E ratio that's under its earnings
growth rate. I bought some Intel a couple years ago. But it would
have to come down by half for me to buy more. As for the Internet
sector, no thank you!"

 Contributing: Adam Shell in New York

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHICS, color, Marcy E. Mullins, USA TODAY,
Source:www.investor.com(Line graphs); PHOTO, color, Henny Ray Abrams, AFP;
PHOTO, color, Vincent Yu, AP; PHOTO, color, Scott Olson, Reuters; PHOTO, color,
Ed Wray, AP; PHOTO, color, Ian Waldie, Reuters; New York: Despite a tense day on
the trading floor Monday, U.S. markets rebounded. Hong Kong: though investors
winced Monday, the Hang Seng fought back today. Chicago: At the Nasdaq 100
futures pit, traders watched the index roar back. Singapore: Markets fell 9%
Monday amid frenetic trading but rebounded early today. London: The FT-SE 100
slipped 3% to a six-month low as a trader checks share prices.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              95 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 21, 2000, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Political fortunes may ride on market's health 76% of likely voters now have a
stake

BYLINE: Owen Ullmann

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1986 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- The economic outlook on Main Street is usually the
key factor that decides presidential elections. But this year,
the financial action on Wall Street may play a larger role than
ever before in determining whether Al Gore or George W. Bush captures
the White House.

That's because the United States has been dramatically transformed
into a nation of investors whose perceptions about the state of
the economy are being shaped to an unprecedented degree by the
state of their stock portfolios.

Economic forecasters say the longest expansion in history remains
so vibrant that it should keep chugging along right through Election
Day. Even so, prolonged stomach-churning stock market plunges
similar to the huge drop on April 14 could undermine consumer
confidence in the economy overnight, economists and pollsters
predict.


And even though the short-term damage caused by a market swoon
would be more emotional than economic for most Americans, it could
have a profound effect on voters' choice for president.

Fully 76% of likely voters own stock, according to a USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup
Poll conducted April 7-9. So when voters go to the polls, they
won't just be asking themselves who will do a better job managing
the economy, they'll also ponder who is more likely to protect
their investments.

"The stock market has become a big psychological indicator of
future economic health," says New York University economics professor
Edward Wolff. "A downturn may convince many people that the Clinton
era of prosperity is over. That would definitely help the Republicans
and hurt the Democrats."

Of course, the fickle stock market can soar just as quickly as
it sinks, as investors discovered Monday and Tuesday. So Wall
Street has become an unpredictable wild card that offers opportunities
and poses risks for both candidates:

* The bull market of the 1990s has been one of the driving
forces behind the robust economic expansion, but Vice President
Gore plays down Wall Street's role, preferring to attribute these
prosperous times to the administration's leadership.

Borrowing Bill Clinton's 1992 campaign mantra, "It's the economy,
stupid," Gore wants to keep voters focused on the sizzling expansion
because it shows no signs of running out of steam by November.
Given that bright outlook, it is little wonder the vice president
has described the economy as "the wind at my back."

By contrast, Gore can't depend on Wall Street. No one knows where
stock prices will be tomorrow, much less seven months from now.
A precipitous market drop? No big deal and no serious damage to
the economy, Gore's advisers reply, adding that voters are savvy
enough to ignore short-term fluctuations. The Gore camp contends
that most individual investments are in retirement accounts, so
people are rarely trading stocks and are in the market for the
long term.

"The majority of people are concerned about the real economy:
income and jobs," says Laura D'Andrea Tyson, dean of the Haas
School of Business at the University of California at Berkeley
and the former chair of Clinton's White House Council of Economic
Advisers. Besides, even if the technology-laden Nasdaq index stays
down 25% from its March peak for the next six months, "I don't
see it having much impact on the November election," adds Tyson,
an outside adviser to Gore.

Independent economists agree with that assessment. "The economy
is so strong, you would need a total meltdown in the stock market
for the economy to sour by Election Day," says Cynthia Latta
of DRI/McGraw-Hill.

* Texas Gov. Bush has been struggling to find a way to
put Gore on the defensive over the economy, and his advisers see
a bear market triggered by the string of interest rate hikes by
the Federal Reserve as the ticket. As the Fed keeps raising rates
to slow the economy and keep inflation in check, Bush's advisers
believe stock prices, especially for highflying Internet start-ups,
will suffer. They envision a string of bankruptcies and layoffs
that could ripple through the economy by Election Day, leaving
voters anxious about the future and more inclined to change the
party in charge of the White House.

Crossing fingers, pointing fingers

"Mr. Gore's strategy of being complacent, crossing his fingers
and hoping for the best isn't the right solution for America,"
says Lawrence Lindsey, a former Fed governor and Bush's chief
economic adviser.

More recently, the Bush campaign has even tried to suggest that
administration meddling in free enterprise is responsible for
recent market drops. They cite a sharp drop in prices for tech
stocks after a federal judge ruled on April 3 in favor of the
government's antitrust lawsuit against Microsoft.

They also note a sell-off of biotechnology stocks involved in
genetic research after President Clinton and British Prime Minister
Tony Blair announced plans on March 14 to make research from a
joint government gene-decoding project available for free to all
researchers. The announcement triggered a flood of campaign contributions
to the Bush campaign from biotech company executives. "When you
interfere with markets, you court problems," Lindsey says.

The stock market's potential influence on the campaign reflects
just how mainstream stock investing has become. In 1983, less
than a quarter of U.S. households owned stock directly or through
mutual funds, trusts and retirement accounts. Last year, according
to NYU economist Wolff, 52% of households had some stock. And
it's starting to add up: 36% of households had portfolios worth
$ 10,000 or more.

Not just the wealthy

Equally remarkable is how popular stocks have become for middle-
and lower-income groups. In 1998, Wolff estimates, 52% of households
with annual incomes of $ 25,000 to $ 50,000 owned stock, as did
29% of households making $ 15,000 to $ 25,000. Even among families
with incomes of less than $ 15,000, one in 10 was a shareholder.

Among those most likely to vote, investors no longer fit the stereotype
of the wealthy country club Republican. The USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup
Poll found that 73% of independents and 74% of Democrats own stock,
compared with 77% of Republicans. Moreover, 43% of investors who
are likely to vote make less than $ 50,000 a year, according to
the survey.

"Clearly, the stock market has become an important component
of the psychological state of the nation unlike anytime in the
past," says Andrew Kohut, director of the Pew Research Center
for the People and the Press. "We used to gauge attitudes about
the economy by asking, 'Is this a good time to buy a refrigerator?'
Now you ask, 'Is this a good time to buy IBM?' "

Bonus for Bush?

Independent analysts say the increased influence of the stock
market in the election hurts Gore and helps Bush. They draw that
conclusion from polling results that suggest Gore suffers from
bad news more than he benefits from good news.

For example, when a Pew survey in March asked voters who would
do a better job handling the economy, Gore barely eclipsed Bush,
44% to 43%. But when asked who would deal better with rising gasoline
prices, Bush had a big edge, 41% to 25%.

"If we entered a real bear market, it would be hard for Gore
to disown responsibility," Rutgers University political science
professor Ross Baker contends. "The more ominous the signs, the
more it helps Bush."

Skeptics of Wall Street's increased clout as a political issue
say there is no recent evidence that gyrations in the stock market
affect either people's attitudes about the economy or the economy
itself. They point out that after the stock market crash of 1987
and a smaller drop in prices during 1998, many economists predicted
consumer confidence and spending would drop, triggering economic
downturns. But that never came to pass.

"Historically, the market hasn't been a factor in elections,"
Democratic pollster Mark Mellman says. But he also concedes that
two differences this time are the greater number of people in
the market and the proliferation of publicity about stocks on
cable TV, in magazines and on Web sites. "This year could be
a test of an old theory in a new environment," Mellman says.

Gore campaign press secretary Chris Lehane says he is confident
that voters will be more impressed with economic fundamentals,
such as the 16 million jobs created since 1993, than with ups
and downs in the stock market.

If there is a severe market downturn, voters will still be more
likely to back Gore than Bush, who "does not have the experience
and he has put forth an irresponsible tax cut," Lehane says.

Lehane says the Bush camp has been privately hoping for a market
downturn that it could blame on the administration. "It shows
they are willing to do anything to make the situation worse for
political gain," he says. "They are in the awkward position
of basing their presidential hopes on the American people being
hurt."

That position wouldn't be unusual, according to political scientist
Baker, "The party out of power always roots discreetly for bad
times," he says. "Nothing would be better for them than a market
crash."

Indeed, Bush adviser Lindsey, a private economic consultant, has
been warning clients that the combination of high prices for tech
stocks and steady rate hikes by the Fed could trigger a market
tailspin that could weaken the economy, possibly pushing it into
a recession.

The prospect of an economic slowdown could provide a political
boost to Bush's plan to spend $ 1.3 trillion of projected budget
surpluses over the next 10 years on tax cuts. In the current climate,
voters would prefer to use that money to bolster Social Security
and Medicare. But if the economy were to wobble, a tax cut could
keep consumers spending and the expansion going.

"The tax cut looks like a losing issue now," says David Jones,
chief economist at the Wall Street trading firm Aubrey G. Lanston
& Co. "But if we continue to have a lot of volatility in
the markets and the economy weakens, tax cuts could become a winner."

The Microsoft factor

Jones also is looking for the Bush campaign to make more of an
issue out of the Justice Department's antitrust case against Microsoft
as a way to make Gore appear anti-investor. "It's a perfect example
of how the heavy hand of government can suddenly slap you down
if you're successful," he says.

Bush says he would like to see the dispute settled out of court,
but he refuses to discuss the merits of the government's case.
In general, however, he opposes government intervention in private
markets, aides say.

Several surveys indicate that public opinion strongly favors Microsoft
over the government, which has until April 28 to recommend a breakup
of the giant software maker or a lesser penalty for behaving like
a monopoly.

Market watchers say a government call for a severe punishment
could trigger another plunge in Nasdaq stocks. That would provide
a perfect test for Wall Street's influence on the election, as
there would surely be a lot of angry investor-voters who would
blame the government for their losses, the market experts add.

"Then, we would find out just how interconnected the stock market,
the economy and presidential politics have become," Baker says.

TEXT WITHIN GRAPHIC BEGINS HERE

Investors increase

The number of Americans investing in the stock market has been
growing rapidly, and investing is no longer just for the rich.

Percent of households owning stock directly or indirectly
'8931.7%
'9952.4%

Percent of households owning stock by income class, 1998
$250,000+93%
$100,000 - $249,99989%
$75,000 - $99,99981%
$50,000 - $74,99971%
$25,000 - $49,99952%
$15,000 - $24,99929%
Under $15,00011%

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Illustration by Julie Stacey, USA TODAY; GRAPHIC, B/W,
Frank Pompa, USA TODAY, Source: Edward Wolff, New York University economics
professor (BAR GRAPH); PHOTO, Color, Doug Mills, AP; PHOTO, Color, Robert F.
Bukaty, AP; Challenge: Gore needs economy to cruise along. Challenger: Bush on
lookout for downturn.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              103 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 13, 2000, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Issues behind flag fight remain

BYLINE: DeWayne Wickham

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17A

LENGTH: 649 words


If you thought the Confederate flag controversy ended last month
when legislators in South Carolina voted to take the secessionist
symbol from atop their Statehouse, you're wrong. And if you think
you know the history behind this nagging conflict, you may be
wrong again.

Shortly before the Confederate flag is moved to another location
on the Statehouse grounds in July, the NAACP will hold a silent
protest march. The demonstration will be both a "show of disapproval"
and the beginning of the second phase of the boycott it launched
earlier this year to force state officials to remove the flag
from a position of prominent display on state property.


Instead of doing that, the legislature voted to take the flag
off the Statehouse dome and fly a larger one at a Confederate
soldiers monument on Statehouse grounds -- a move that angered
the NAACP.

"We're going to turn up the pressure on them," said Dwight James,
executive director of the NAACP's statewide organization in South
Carolina. "This thing is far from over."

As it turns out, the NAACP isn't the only one keeping this issue
alive.

In a little-noticed and largely underreported move, more than
100 South Carolina historians recently issued a statement, "The
Flag Controversy and the Causes of Civil War." The document debunks
the myth that the Civil War was fought over state rights -- and
not slavery.

Slavery clearly the cause

Those who support flying the Confederate flag on state property
long have argued that the Civil War was fought over the right
of Southern states to control their own destinies. The flag, they
contend, is simply a symbol of that cause.

The historians say that's bunkum.

The record "clearly shows that the cause for which the South
seceded and fought a devastating war was slavery," they conclude.

"It was really important that as historians we not cede the grounds
of this debate to misinformation," said Charles Joyner, a Coastal
Carolina University history professor who drafted the historians'
document. "I really respect those who want to honor the Confederate
veterans. The judgment we made is on the cause, not the soldiers."

Even in today's kinder, gentler climate of race relations, it
took a lot of courage for these scholars to speak the truth. A
broad mix of Americans -- some who don't know better and many
who should -- contend that the Civil War was a tiff between white
folks over issues that had nothing to do with slavery. It's one
thing for columnists such as me to say that's not true, but quite
another for prestigious Southern historians such as Joyner to
shoot down that argument.

Was Lincoln a bigot?

But Confederate sympathizers aren't the only ones to find their
historical recall under attack these days. Anyone who thinks of
Abraham Lincoln as "the Great Emancipator" will get a reality
check if they read Lerone Bennett Jr.'s latest book: Forced
Into Glory: Abraham Lincoln's White Dream.

Bennett, one of the nation's most highly regarded black historians,
says Lincoln was a bigot whose master plan for ending the North-South
strife was to ship blacks back to Africa. While that alone is
no proof that the president, who fought a civil war to keep the
United States intact, was a bigot, Bennett offers up a lot more
damning evidence.

While an Illinois legislator, Bennett says, Lincoln voted to deny
blacks in that state the right to vote or serve on juries. As
a congressman, he voted for the Fugitive Slave Act, which required
Northern states to return runaway slaves to their Southern masters.

Bennett's book and the South Carolina historians' position may
not change a lot of people's thinking, but they inject a large
dose of truth into the ongoing debate about the most calamitous
period in U.S. history.

DeWayne Wickham writes weekly for USA TODAY.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Lou Krasky, AP; South Carolina: Confederate monument, left.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              105 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 26, 2000, Monday, FINAL EDITION

In their own words New age demands new thinking

BYLINE: Susan Page

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 709 words


Al Gore of the Democratic Party

Q: You say we're in a new global age. What does that mean?

A: New communications technologies and new transportation technologies
-- the Internet and the jet plane, satellite television and worldwide
telephone service -- have facilitated new ways for nations to
work together. And that in turn has led to the recognition of
many challenges and problems as having a global dimension.


Q: Could this trend toward globalization be reversed?

A: It would take a major cataclysm to reverse it and I don't think
in practical terms it's reversible.

Q: Does this new world basically dictate some policy positions?

A: From my point of view, the logic of free and fair trade is
more compelling now than it has ever been. Similarly, from my
point of view, the logic supporting fiscal discipline and sound
macroeconomics is more compelling than ever.

But it's all too easy for those of us who feel that that logic
is so compelling to feel that it's irresistible to the point where
there's now a new national consensus on this. I don't think there
is.

I think there is a strong base of agreement that will support
the right kinds of decisions. But I see the emergence of new,
strong opposition to both of those ideas and in both parties.
One of the two major candidates in this race, Gov. Bush, is proposing
a $ 2 trillion tax plan plus a $ 1 trillion Social Security privatization
plan plus a whole new round of spending increases and no cuts
anywhere. That really throws fiscal discipline completely to the
winds at a time when the logic seems to me to be quite compelling
in favor of it.

Q: On free trade, do you and Bush hold essentially the same
position?

A: Up to a point. He does not see the environment and labor protections
as important to safeguard the negotiating process. I do. I have
always supported free and fair trade and will continue to. But
I believe that the time has come to find better ways to integrate
these concerns into the negotiating process lest these values
be harmed.

Q: Has the Democratic Party changed some of its positions to
reflect what's happened in the world economy?

A: Yes. I think that the Clinton-Gore administration has built
strong support for a policy of fiscal discipline, and we've demonstrated
how that can help our country.

In a global economy, investment capital and psychological confidence
flow in the direction of countries that are willing to accept
responsibility for making hard-nosed decisions: balancing their
budgets, paying down their debt, investing in the future, investing
in their people and harmonizing their fiscal and monetary policies.
The principles are not new. But they have a new power in the global
economy that increasingly characterizes this global age.

Q: For the next president, what are the new issues that will
arise because of the global economy?

A: There are going to be a lot of brand-new issues that will test
our capacities as a self-governing people: How we deal with climate
change. How we deal with Internet privacy. How we deal with the
provocative ethical questions that will come streaming out of
the new discoveries in biotechnology. The use of the new genetics
to tinker with the blueprint of life in ways that can provide
cures for new disease but can also raise questions that we've
never confronted before. The emergence later in this decade of
what for all intents and purposes will be regarded as artificial
intelligence. The spread of weapons of mass destruction. The spread
of knowledge of all kinds. And the emergence of brand-new opportunities
to solve problems that have defied solution for all the ages.

I think it's an exciting time. I am very optimistic. And I think
we have everything we need to answer these new questions successfully.
But there's no doubt that the consequences of poor decisions are
going to be much greater because the stakes are higher -- the
new powers that technology places in our hands, the new interconnectedness
that is demonstrated by these computer viruses that originate
in some little corner of the globe on the other side of the world
and all of a sudden they're on your desktop.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Doug Mills, AP; "It's an exciting time": Vice President
Gore greets union construction workers June 13 in New York City. Gore is
optimistic but cautious about the accelerated pace of technological innovation
and globalization.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              106 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    July 19, 2000, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Renovating parks is 'latest thing'

BYLINE: Alison Gerber

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 1070 words

DATELINE: HOUSTON


HOUSTON

Three years ago, it was considered unsafe to venture into the
remote wooded bayou on the eastern edge of Hermann Park. The area
was a jumble of discarded mattresses, worn tires and trashed stoves.

Today, much of that debris has been swept away. The homeless camps
are gone. Joggers trot through newly cut forest trails. And teachers
bring students to the park to study native plants and wildflowers.


Hermann Park -- 446 acres framed by Houston's shimmering skyscrapers
and urban neighborhoods that range from plush to downright gritty
-- is being revived, thanks to a$ 31 million renovation project.

Houston isn't the only city breathing new life into long-neglected
city parks. Urban parks across the country are in the midst of
the biggest revival in 50 years.

"It seems like parks are the 'latest thing,' " says Kathy Madden,
director of the Urban Parks Institute in New York City.

After years of spending money on pedestrian malls and sports stadiums,
cities are looking to parks as another way of reviving downtowns
and improving depressed neighborhoods, she says.

From Golden Gate Park in San Francisco to Central Park in New
York City, millions of dollars are streaming in from both government
and the private sector. Supporters gush about what they call a
renaissance.

"The whole movement is alive. It's rejuvenating," says Charles
Jordan, director of Parks and Recreation in Portland, Ore. "For
the first time, regular citizens are being involved in what happens
to their parks, the soccer moms, the people using the parks."

Changes can be dramatic:

* A few years ago, crumbling curbs and collapsed sewer
lines plagued Forest Park in St. Louis. An $ 86 million effort
that is expected to be completed in 2004 is sprucing up the tattered
World's Fair Pavilion. It is also restoring a river that was channeled
underground a century ago.

* Three years ago, hypodermic needles littered parts of
San Francisco's Golden Gate Park. Homeless camps included a three-story
treehouse and a shanty that had tapped into the park's water supply.
A newspaper column complained of "junkies and parolees invading
sections of the park."

Today, the homeless camps have been removed, and equestrian paths
and wildflower meadows have been built. Throughout the park, workers
have been restoring lakes, improving waterways and planting more
trees as part of a$ 76 million effort due to be completed in 2002.

* In Los Angeles, a $ 100 million project will build parks,
bike trails and sports fields along the Los Angeles River, which
is now mostly trimmed by concrete. The 52-mile river has some
natural, soft-bottom sections, but in parts is more like drainage
ditch.

"When we started talking about revitalizing the river, people
thought we were crazy," says Melanie Winter, president of the
Friends of the Los Angeles River. "We have the perfect climate
for being outdoors but so little parks space here. It's time."

Similar projects are underway in Cleveland, Pittsburgh and Providence,
while officials in Detroit, Forth Worth and elsewhere are busy
turning parking lots into small oases.

Fueling the parks rebirth:

* Sprawl. With strip malls and highways gobbling more trees
and greenery every day, Americans are thirsting for a little open
space.

"Sprawl has done wonders for our parks," Jordan says. "There's
more cars and more noise, and people are saying, 'Where is my
peace of mind?' "

* Private organizations. In dozens of cities, nonprofit
private groups have formed to raise money for parks. Experts say
the organizations realize that when cities make spending decisions,
parks are typically low on the priority list, after police, fire
and other services.

Friends of Hermann Park began as a group meeting around a coffee
table with people asking, "What can we do about this park?"
says Roksan Okan-Vick, executive director of the group. "It was
starting to become unsafe. Nobody wants that in their neighborhood."

* A robust economy. Dot-com millionaires and for-profit
companies are making it easier to ask for money. And "parks are
now seen as a cultural institution," says Tupper Thomas, administrator
of Prospect Park in Brooklyn and president of the Prospect Park
Alliance, a private group that raises money for the park. "It's
considered a good thing to give money to your public park, the
way you would support a museum or a historic building. That wasn't
the case 10 years ago."

Some are wary of using private money for a public park.

"When people give money, they have control over how it's used
and could set restrictions," says San Francisco resident Paul
Dorn, who cycles through Golden Gate Park to work every weekday.
"That's a concern. The park should have the broadest possible
use."

Others worry that with private money coming in, city governments
could slack off on public contributions.

Local parks are still playing catch-up from the late '80s and
early '90s, when a weaker economy forced strapped cities to slash
budgets.

Today, residents are making it clear that they're willing to pay
for parks rather than wait for government to act, says Tim Fulton,
executive director of the Austin Parks Foundation in Austin, Texas.
"After all, everyone has access to the park. It's not
like the mall, where you have to spend money to go."

San Francisco voters agreed in March to tax themselves to raise
$ 110 million for city parks. In Austin, voters said yes to a $ 10
million parks bond in 1998.

As early as 1994, voters in Portland, Ore., agreed to spend $ 60
million on parks.

At the federal level, a massive conservation bill passed by the
House of Representatives in May includes $ 125 million a year to
rehabilitate urban parks.

Later this month, mayors are converging on Washington to push
for passage of that bill. "People are more concerned with quality-of-life
issues. They want nice parks," says New Orleans Mayor Marc Morial.
"I hear it all the time."

Back in Houston, renovating Hermann Park is "a matter of civic
responsibility," says Tom Byrne, 62, a retired teacher who uses
the 80-year-old park about twice a week.

"A park is an integral part of city life, a place that restores
a sense of life that gets destroyed with urban blight," he says.
"The trees and grass. The breeze. It's peaceful."



LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, B/W, Donna Carson for USA TODAY (2); New look: A renovation
project has pumped $31 million into Hermann Park in Houston. Up to $40 million
more is planned. In the spotlight: Hermann Park's Miller Outdoor Theater is
among the improved features in a park renovation.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              107 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 21, 2000, Friday, FINAL EDITION

This Benz is a thing of beauty at any ugly price

BYLINE: James R. Healey

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 1314 words


Those who love to rail over automotive excess will find less of
it than ever in Mercedes-Benz's redesigned, big-dog coupe, the
CL. But there's still plenty to goad minimalists into tiresome
screeds.

The 2000 CL -- at heart a two-door, sporty version of the flagship
S-class sedan -- is 600 pounds lighter than the '99, 3 inches
shorter, 2 inches narrower and lower, substantially quicker and
some $ 6,400 cheaper. Nice portfolio.

But it takes up the same road space as a minivan, yet seats only
four. It weighs as much as a midsize sport-utility vehicle but
won't carry or tow as much. It's priced as much as a family home
in the rural Midwest but has no plumbing, bedding or kitchen.


But that home won't rear back on its hind legs, howl like a banshee
and hurl you forward as if shoved by an angry lumberjack.

For those who have the basics covered, and covered again, and
can afford to scorn the deprivation ethic, the $ 85,500 CL (before
destination charge and gas-guzzler tariff) can be a credible statement
of achievement that's a lot of fun.

The heart of its hoot is its V-8 engine. A middling 5 liters,
it boasts 302 horsepower and 339 foot-pounds of torque. It's another
reminder that the Germans outdo Detroit at what should be its
staple. The German V-8s are more complicated and typically in
cars priced much higher than domestic iron. But the thrust they
deliver can about justify the high prices for people who get excited
about that sort of thing.

Merging is a walk. Passing is effortless. Leaping from stoplights
just for fun is, well, fun.

The suspension has a lovely and unexpected benefit. It soaks up
speed bumps better than just about anything on wheels. You need
no special technique. Just maintain your speed and the car conquers
the bumps with only a slight jounce. Maybe silly to the Ricky
Racer crowd, but it amounts to a high level of handling prowess
in urban environs, and it nicely removes an annoyance.

What makes it behave that way is Mercedes' version of an active
suspension, something other makers have tried for years with mixed
success. An active suspension uses pumps or other devices connected
to the shock absorbers to hold the car more or less level during
corners, while panic-stopping and under hard acceleration. Mercedes
calls it ABC, for Active Body Control. A "sport" setting firms
it up for even less body movement under extreme maneuvers. On
the road, it felt like a good suspension. On a racetrack, it felt
like magic. The CL sailed confidently around the tight, twisty
Jefferson Circuit at Summit Point, W.Va., a course better suited
to small two-seaters than hefty luxury cars.

On the highway, CL left driver and passengers relaxed.

The look is dramatic. The roof line is sleek and low, finally
giving the appearance of a coupe instead of the previous model's
two-door-sedan styling. The front and rear, though resembling
the S-class at first glance, differ significantly, as do interior
details.

Mercedes claims it has done such a good job packaging style, performance
and technology that some rich buyers actually exclaim, "You mean
it's only $ 85,000?"

OK, the broad brush paints a beautiful picture. But the devil,
or the divinity, is in the details. And let's put those details
into context. It's a Mercedes. It's billed as the ultimate expression
of the brand that sells cars "engineered like no other cars in
the world." That portfolio, and the heady price, mean CL should
be perfect, and it is not. In some ways, $ 20,000 cars exceed the
CL. Based on the racetrack flog and a couple of weeks in two CLs,
it's fair to say there are too many disappointments for a car
so lofty. For example:

 * Suspect quality. Plastic trim on the passenger's seat
had broken loose on one test car. Power widows were incorrectly
adjusted on the other. The cellphone compartment in one car popped
open simply from the weight of an elbow on the center console.

 * Inconvenience. The Mercedes-Benz control system is too
complex. Tuning or adjusting the radio, for instance, requires
a toggle and a scroll through multiple menus on the video screen.
You can't do it safely driving, and who's going to stop to turn
up the bass? Mercedes acknowledges the complexity but says owners
get to know the setup, customize it and then don't fiddle with
it.

The six-disc CD changer is in the trunk. A $ 20,000 Ford truck
has it in the dash, which is much handier. Mercedes concedes the
point.

The CL electrical system doesn't retain power when the ignition
key is removed -- a feature on $ 25,000 family cars and sport-utility
vehicles -- so you can't close the sunroof without putting the
key back in and twisting.

 * Thoughtlessness. A single cup holder is provided and
requires opening a cover, pushing a button and waiting for the
device to pop up and swivel open. For all that, you get a flimsy
receptacle that isn't adjustable.

A gap between the windshield and the front of the dashboard is
big enough to swallow thin objects. Lay your parking permit on
the dash and watch it slip irretrievably into the abyss. The practical
Swedes, by contrast, manage to fit clever clips into mere $ 30,000
cars to avoid the problem.

Double-thick window glass meant to insulate the interior creates
distorting rainbows that can block views of, say, pedestrians
in crosswalks. The effect is especially bad with polarized sunglasses.

Those gaffes seem especially disappointing from Mercedes, which
claims to sell "the most advanced vehicles in the world." Yet
the top-dog CL lacks some mainstream features and conveniences.

CL is a wonderful ride and a powerful statement. But Mercedes
spent so much energy on techno-whiz and sexy styling that it overlooked
details that make a car enduring. Go ahead, explain to your neighbor
why your $ 85,000-plus wonder-mobile forces you to dirty your Armani
suit by dipping into the trunk to install the Handel's Watermusic
and Jethro Tull CDs.


2000 Mercedes-Benz CL 500

* What is it? Flagship of the Mercedes-Benz brand; high-performance,
ultraluxurious, rear-wheel-drive, two-door, full-size coupe.

 * How much? $ 87,095, including $ 595 destination charge
and $ 1,000 gas-guzzler tax. Test car was $ 89,745 and had these
options: heated and cooled front seats and power-operated rear-window
shade ($ 1,550); specially contoured massaging front seats ($ 1,050).

 * How soon? On sale since early this year.

 * What's the hardware?A 5-liter V-8 engine, rated 302
horsepower, 339 foot-pounds of torque; five-speed, electronically
controlled automatic transmission; side-impact air bags and inflatable
head-protection curtains; anti-lock brakes; Active Body Control
suspension; electronic stability and traction enhancement devices;
automatic climate control; leather upholstery; wood trim; navigation
system; AM/FM/weather band/cassette Bose stereo with remote CD
changer; 14-way power-adjustable and heated front seats; power
steering, brakes, windows, mirrors, locks; cruise control; power-adjustable
steering column; power-operated sunroof; automatically dimming
mirrors; automatic-on headlights; interval windshield wipers that
change speed to match rainfall; power systems that finish closing
not-quite-shut trunk lid and doors; TeleAid emergency calling
and information system.

 * How big? 2 to 3 inches smaller in each direction than
the previous model but still a heft-mobile. CL is 196.6 inches
long (just 3 inches shy of a long-wheelbase minivan), 73.1 inches
wide, 55 inches tall, on a 113.6-inch wheelbase, weighing about
4,100 pounds and offering a 12.3-cubic-foot trunk.

 * How many? You won't see yourself coming and going; M-B
plans only 3,000 a year.

 * Overall: Dramatic, dynamic, but disappointing in the
details.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Mercedes-Benz

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              108 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 27, 2000, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Davis' gallop to recovery Bronco is bucking trend of long rehabilitation period

BYLINE: Richard Weiner

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 1481 words

DATELINE: GREELEY, Colo.


GREELEY, Colo. -- Terrell Davis leans back on a couch to flex
his powerful legs, proving the only noticeable difference are
the two scars on his rehabilitated right knee: a bold, 4-inch
mark tracking down the front and a more subtle incision slanting
near the top.

"See?" Davis says, rubbing the scars as if he finally has accepted
them. "The knees look the same, other than these."

The knees also seem to be working as they did before Oct. 3, when
he suffered devastating damage to the right one -- a completely
torn anterior cruciate ligament, a partially torn medial collateral
ligament and cartilage damage. Most athletes need about 15 months
to return from such an injury -- and another nine months or so
before they no longer think about it.


But thanks to what could turn out to be one of the NFL's fastest
recoveries from such an injury, Davis has looked strong
since the Denver Broncos opened training camp. The powerful cutbacks.
The extraordinary vision. The desperately needed presence. It
almost seems as if the NFL's rushing leader and MVP in 1998-99
never missed the final 12 games of last season.

"Oh yeah, he's back," Broncos coach Mike Shanahan says. "We're
all keeping our fingers crossed that there are no setbacks, but
my mind-set is he's going to be there just because of what he's
done and how he's looked thus far. But you never know. That's
why we have depth."

The Broncos were fortunate that, under Davis' personal guidance,
rookie Olandis Gary stepped in and became one of the few bright
spots during a 6-10 season. Because of that, the Broncos not only
have what could be the NFL's best running back combination, they
also felt no urgency to rush Davis' return.

Although Davis never felt in danger of losing his job, he, like
Shanahan, still has questions about the knee.

Mentally, Davis has been trying to distinguish between the normal
soreness of camp and the real pain that follows an injury. Physically,
he must monitor this while practicing just once a day. Each game
will bring more tests -- how Davis adapts to regular contact,
various surfaces and climates.

Davis can't put a percentage on how well his knee is. "I try
to, but I'm not quite sure how to really measure it," he says.
"To say 100%, I'm not really sure what that means. Is it strong
enough to play if I had to play tomorrow? Or, is it completely
healed? I think it's healed 100%, but it still has to go through
the strength part of it.

"I'm healthy enough to play, I know that, and healthy enough
to play on the level that I was playing at before. But how consistent
can I play? Am I going to take some plays off because it's getting
a little sore? Once I play in the game, am I going to miss some
practices? I don't know all that right now."

The questions about Davis' knee began after the fourth game of
last season, when Broncos tackle Matt Lepsis inadvertently fell
on Davis while making a tackle following an interception.

"The number of times?" Davis says of being asked about the knee.
"Whoa! It has to be up in the hundreds of thousands. I'm serious.
Every second, every day, every time I walked out: 'How is the
knee, T, how is the knee?' "

At first, the outpouring of concern buoyed a dejected Davis. Letters
came in by the bundle, similar to the public support Davis received
after a migraine headache caused him to miss part of the 1998
Super Bowl.

"It didn't last too long," Davis says of his depression. "The
fact it wouldn't respond, I couldn't even form a muscle. When
you see stuff like that, it's like, 'Wow, I never had my legs
do that before, to where I couldn't even move it on my own."

Here was Davis, 27, the three-time defending AFC rushing leader,
the MVP of the 1999 Super Bowl, only the fourth player to rush
for more than 2,000 yards in a season. Totally immobile. Which
meant, initially, he also was unable to lend support after the
two-time defending Super Bowl champs opened 0-4. This with a locker
room already missing the retired John Elway.

Couldn't watch practice"

He was pretty bummed about it," says tight end Byron Chamberlain,
Davis' best friend on the team. "He couldn't watch practice.
He couldn't even come to the sideline and watch games. But once
he started that rehab situation, his mind-set totally changed."

The training room can be a lonely place. But the Broncos were
in the midst of losing nine starters to injury -- beginning with
linebacker John Mobley, who blew out his knee just three weeks
before Davis. "We had so many people laid up, at one point they
didn't have enough training tables for everybody," Mobley says.

Mobley and Davis transformed the dilemma into a high-stakes competition,
each trying to outdo the other at the highest level possible.
Now both are back on the field, months ahead of schedule. "It
was incredible to see," trainer Steve Antonopulos says.

"Definitely, when someone says that it's mental, they are not
lying," Davis says. "That's not an understatement at all."

Mobley nicknamed himself "The Enforcer," Davis became "The
Dominator." Davis jokingly called himself "The Tortoise," Mobley
"The Hare." Perhaps most important, the two helped each other
through the worst of times.

"Rehab is almost like the stock market. It goes up, but you have
some dips," Davis says. "Some days, it would be so sore when
I went to work out, I was like, 'Aw, man, what did I do? Is it
going to get anybetter?' "

Giving a helping hand

Davis canceled most celebrity appearances, exhausting his NFL
resources to learn about getting his knee back to shape. At one
point, he even studied videotape of how he walked before the injury,
to ensure nothing would change. Now, Davis refuses to wear a brace
because he doesn't want to be reminded of the injury.

Davis also began setting weekly goals for Gary, his replacement.
Gary responded by setting a franchise rookie rushing record with
1,159 yards. At times, Gary looked like a clone of Davis, becoming
the first rookie to post back-to-back 180-yard rushing games since
Joe Morris did it for the New York Giants in 1986. Gary finished
third in the NFL with an average of 96.6 yards rushing per game.

Although Gary attended Davis' alma mater, Georgia, he realizes
Davis could have frozen him out. Even Shanahan says of Davis helping
Gary, "That doesn't happen very often -- not in the NFL."

Says Davis: "Some people play that cut-throat game, to where,
if someone comes on the team, they feel threatened by that player,
so they won't give them information. Here, we are like a family.
We call ourselves 'soldiers.' And that's how we treat all of our
running backs."

Level-headed

Davis always has been a unique superstar, refusing to alter his
lifestyle from the days when he was a sixth-round draft pick just
trying to make the special-teams unit. Turns out, Davis' insistence
on staying levelheaded put his injury into perspective. That and
a career of proving people wrong.

"That was the one thing I kept, a constant reminder, when I did
have the success. I always thought that you could be up here one
minute and down here the next," Davis says, motioning up and
down. "I played at Georgia, where I was down here all the time.
That never, ever left my mind.

"When people tell you how great you are, people tend to get big
heads, (but) I never got like that. So, it was never hard for
me to hear, 'Well, his knee is done, so he is not the back that
he once was. The Broncos should trade him.' "

It's not surprising, then, that Gary says humility is the biggest
thing he has learned from Davis over the past year. The Broncos
learned Gary also had power to go with the elusiveness seen in
college. Before this year's draft, Cleveland offered to trade
a high pick for Gary. Shanahan barely blinked. If the runners
remain healthy (Gary strained a hamstring last weekend), Denver
might put both in the backfield on passing downs. Gary also will
spell Davis.

Any such talk, however, comes with a caveat from offensive coordinator
Gary Kubiak: "Before we start devising ways to play Terrell and
Olandis and things to do with both of them, let's make sure we
get No. 30 back to where we were."

In the meantime, every move Davis makes is documented by the zealous
Denver media. After Davis is hit or even slips, he finds himself
saying, "For the millionth time, the knee is fine." True to
his nature, Davis smiles through the process, as if knowing the
questions in advance.

After all, he admits, "To this day, there are still a lot of
mental tests to be taken. From here to the end of the season.
Because your first time, when you feel pain, or something that
is a discomfort in your knee, you have the tendency to pull up
to say, 'Uh-oh, what's going on?' "

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, Color, Jim Rydbom for USA TODAY (2); PHOTOS, B/W, Jim Rydbom
for USA TODAY (2); Questions remain: Terrell Davis says he's healthy enough to
play on the level that helped him become a premier running back before his
injury, but "there are still a lot of mental tests to be taken." Davis: Smiles
despite "hundreds of thousands" of questions about knee.  Pedal pusher: "Rehab
is almost like the stock market. It goes up, but you have some dips," says
Terrell Davis, above. He and teammate John Mobley worked out together.  In form:
Davis was the 1998 MVP and led the AFC in rushing for three seasons.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              111 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 11, 2000, Monday, FIRST EDITION

Selma looks to next step in history

BYLINE: Donna Leinwand

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 1129 words

DATELINE: SELMA, Ala.


SELMA, Ala. -- Cross into Alabama from Georgia, set the clock
back an hour to Central Time. Cross the Edmund Pettus Bridge into
Selma and set the clock back another 35 years, the joke goes.
But the joke has grown stale in this civil rights landmark city
where, in 1965, white state troopers beat black citizens as they
crossed the bridge toward the state capital to demand voting rights.


On Tuesday, Selma might elect a black mayor for the first time.
For many, it's no laughing matter.

For 36 years, Mayor Joe T. Smitherman, 70, has run Selma. Smitherman,
who, when first elected in 1964, embraced segregation and stood
by while troopers bloodied the town's black citizenry, says he's
campaigning for economic development, racial harmony and education
improvements. Challenger James Perkins, 47, a computer consultant,
says he wants to reduce unemployment, improve the schools and
rid the city of nepotism.

Yet, both admit that the mayoral race has descended into a color
war.

"People vote on racial lines in places like this," Smitherman
says. The numbers are clear: 9,300 black voters and 5,700 white
voters.

"There is racial polarization," Perkins says. "It's a fear-driven
climate."

Selma is segregated. Broad Street, which leads to the famous bridge
on the city's south side, splits Selma into white and black sides.
The white side has sidewalks; the black side does not. There are
black churches and white churches, black bars and white bars.
The high school is 99% black. White parents send their children
to private schools.

The town has made some progress. There is a Martin Luther King
Jr. Street in addition to a Jefferson Davis Avenue, which honors
the man who was the president of the Confederacy during the Civil
War.

The City Council has a 5-4 black majority.

Smitherman says he, too, has changed with the times. Unbidden,
he begins an interview by showing news clippings in which he has
circled all the nice things that black people have said about
him over the years. On a wall of grip-and-grin photographs, he
points out one in which he stands beside black NBA basketball
star Charles Barkley. He has given the now-retired Barkley a brass
key to the city, which doubles as a bottle opener. "He's a nice
guy, married to a white girl," Smitherman says.

He shows a video of his appearance with Rep. John Lewis, D-Ga.,
who is black, on The Oprah Winfrey Show. Lewis, one of
the activists beaten on the bridge in 1965, praises the mayor
and Selma for shedding their segregationist past. In the foyer
of City Hall, he notes the portraits of the city's three Jewish
mayors. "Selma's a pretty liberal town," he says.

Most of all, Smitherman has acknowledged the political power of
the city's black population. As one of his full-page newspaper
ads proclaims, "Why change? As Mayor of Selma, Joe T. Smitherman
has appointed 9 Blacks as Department Heads. Blacks have 9 of 13
of the Highest Paid Positions in the City."

He's contrite about his segregationist past, although he keeps
a Confederate flag in his office and will gladly pose beside it.
"If you were a Southern politician, you were a segregationist
or you weren't in politics," he says. "We were wrong. I'll live
with that sin forever that I didn't stand up."

Smitherman is reluctant to cede power, although he did consider
retiring. "Nobody was going to run," he says. By that, he means
nobody white.

Perkins and Councilman Yusuf Salaam were all set to run. Salaam
lost in the election Aug. 22. Smitherman edged out Perkins, forcing
a runoff.

"I don't want Rose Sanders taking over the city," Smitherman
says. "Every city she's taken over has gone down."

Folks in Selma hear more about Rose Sanders than about Perkins.
Rose and her husband, Henry Sanders, are black community activists
whose influence reaches deep into local and state government.
"Hank" Sanders is a state senator who is widely considered the
most powerful man in the state after Gov. Don Siegelman.

Rose Sanders, a political dynamo with a knack for rallying high-profile
support, has orchestrated a "Joe Gotta Go" campaign. Perkins,
who has won and lost twice before, is seen as Rose Sanders' proxy.
His brother-in-law is a partner in the Sanders law firm. Rose
and Hank Sanders were attending a conference in Austria and could
not be reached for comment.

"Perkins is not the factor in the race. It's Rose Sanders,"
Smitherman says. "She makes it about race. She doesn't give a
damn if all the white people leave Selma."

And they will, Smitherman says, if the Sanders crew takes over.
"Every city that has gone all-black has gone down. Industry leaves.
Schools go down," Smitherman says. "Blacks don't have the concept
of working within budgets. They have to hire too many people for
political favors."

Perkins distances himself from Sanders, but he does not oppose
her "Joe Gotta Go" tack. He blames Smitherman for stoking racial
fears and has accused the mayor of stuffing the ballot box with
disputed absentee votes. Perkins complains that city government
is stocked with Smitherman relatives and that Smitherman appointees
were involved in stealing $ 800,000 in city funds in 1997 and 1998.

"The mayor is a very antagonistic, bullish leader," Perkins
says. "He operates through intimidation. It concerns me that
the mayor would rather play on fears than talk about issues."

But race is on Perkins' mind, too. He intends to undo the injustices
of racial politics that allowed Selma's establishment to neglect
his side of town. In a living room decorated with paintings of
a black Madonna and child and a black Jesus, Perkins, wearing
a French blue shirt and dapper suspenders, cannot help but recall
Selma's place in civil rights history and the larger African-American
expectations for it.

"Selma is an icon of voting rights for oppressed people," he
says. "It's a place where history really lives."

For both black and white activists, the election is a referendum
on whether Selma is ready to join the New South.

"I don't think it should be about race," says Allyson Atkinson,
27, an accounting firm executive assistant. "It should be about
how to improve Selma, Ala. We look like a bunch of idiots. We
just keep repeating the past, and it's just preventing Selma from
going into the future."


Non-white majority

The percentage of minorities in Selma, Ala., has grown as the
city's population has declined.

<>PopulationNon-whites
<>1960   28,385   49%
1970   27,379   50%
1980   26,684   54%
1990   23,755   59%
2000       22,800   59%

Note: 2000 population is an estimate

Source: USA TODAY research

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, USA TODAY(Map); PHOTOS, b/w, Dave Martin, AP(2); PHOTO,
b/w, Todd J. Van Ernst; "Joe Gotta Go": Susan Starr and Sam Wilson campaign
against Selma, Ala., Mayor Joe T. Smitherman, who was first elected in 1964,
during the city's famous civil rights battles. Smitherman: Says he's changed
with the times. Perkins: "There is racial polarization" in Selma.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              113 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 13, 2000, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Rogers deserves first Gold Glove; Griffey should add 11th

BYLINE: Rod Beaton

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 7C; The hot corner

LENGTH: 489 words


The ballots are out for the annual Gold Glove awards. Who will
be the bogus pick this year?

It seems every year major league managers and coaches make one
outrageous pick. Last year it was the selection of Texas' Rafael
Palmeiro for the American League Gold Glove at first base. He
appeared in only 28 games there.


The coaches and managers are much more conservative in their voting
than baseball writers, who decide most other major awards. Once
a player wins a Gold Glove, he tends to retain it unless he has
a terrible season.

Also, outfielders are chosen as one position, so three center
fielders can and usually do win. What's next, four shortstops?

There are many positions that should show changes this year, based
on range and reliability. Our list:

AL catcher: Brad Ausmus, Detroit, in; Ivan "Pudge" Rodriguez,
Texas, out. Ausmus overtakes Charles Johnson. Rodriguez has been
injured too long.

AL pitcher: Texas left-hander Kenny Rogers in; Baltimore
right-hander Mike Mussina out. It's criminal Rogers has not yet
won a Gold Glove.

AL outfielders: Jermaine Dye, Kansas City, and Shannon
Stewart, Toronto, in; Shawn Green and Ken Griffey Jr., traded
to NL, out. Dye is dazzling, daring; Stewart has flash.

AL third baseman: Travis Fryman, Cleveland, in; Scott Brosius,
New York Yankees, out. Fryman has been phenomenal.

AL first baseman: Tino Martinez, Yankees, in; Palmeiro,
out. Tino has saved his infield mates from many errors.

NL catcher: Henry Blanco, Milwaukee, in; Mike Lieberthal,
Philadelphia, out. Blanco catches and throws better than anyone
not called "Pudge."

NL second baseman: Edgardo Alfonzo, N.Y. Mets, in; Pokey
Reese, Cincinnati, out. Alfonzo's reliability is not matched.

NL shortstop: Neifi Perez, Colorado, in; Rey Ordonez, Mets,
out. Perez is just fabulous. Ordonez is out for season.

NL third baseman: Scott Rolen, Philadelphia, (back) in;
Robin Ventura, Mets, out. If Rolen is healthy, he's it.

NL outfield: Griffey, Cincinnati, in; Larry Walker, Colorado,
out. Junior still makes the plays.

We're hearing: That Pittsburgh right-hander Kris Benson
has much to learn before he becomes a standout starter. He's 1-6
with 5.22 ERA since the All-Star break.  . . . That the
line drive that hit Boston reliever Bryce Florie's eye might create
a climate that's more receptive to an eye visor for pitchers.
 . . . That the Dodgers are talking extension with right-hander
Chan Ho Park, terms ranging as high as seven years, $ 90 million.
 . . . That last week Lanny Frattare celebrated 25 fine
years of broadcasting the Pirates, and as he'd say, "There was
nooooo doubt about it."

That on Sept. 24, attorney Bob Bavasi will lead a group of minor
league officials and ballpark entertainers on a tour of Japanese
baseball. Sponsored by Japan's Hanshin Tigers, the trip will promote
an exchange of ideas on operations.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Ed Zurga, AP; Razzmatazz: Jermaine Dye of the Royals
supplies offense (32 home runs and 110 RBI) and defense (seven errors in 265
chances).

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              115 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     October 2, 2000, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Drug-testing agency has work cut out USA's new anti-doping group takes over amid
atmosphere of mistrust

BYLINE: Dick Patrick

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 887 words

DATELINE: SYDNEY


SYDNEY -- As planned months ago, the U.S. Anti-Doping Agency today
assumes control of drug testing for domestic Olympic sports, replacing
the U.S. Olympic Committee.

What wasn't planned is the atmosphere in which USADA takes charge.
The USA leaves the 2000 Summer Olympics as the leader in medals
(97) as well as in accusations received about hypocrisy in drug
testing.

The international perception of U.S. drug testing might have reached
a new low at the Sydney Games. There have been allegations of
cover-ups and the revelation of four pre-Olympic steroid positives
for C.J. Hunter, world champion shot putter and husband of track
and field star Marion Jones.


Craig Masback, CEO of USA Track & Field, the sport's national
governing body, got the blunt message from Canada's Dick Pound,
an IOC vice president and head of the World Anti-Drug Agency.

"Basically, Dick Pound told me he didn't trust anything the United
States did," Masback says. "He said the U.S. invented cheating
and perfected it and is therefore always suspicious."

That's the welcome USADA gets. "All the more reason for us to
exist," says President Frank Shorter, the 1972 Olympic marathon
champion.

USADA, funded by the USOC and a grant from the White House drug
czar's office, is billed as independent and free from the conflict
of interest that existed with testing conducted by the USOC and
national sport governing bodies.

The latest example hit during the weekend, when USATF, in the
wake of creating an independent review of testing since Jan. 1,
1999, became suspected by the international track federation (IAAF)
of more cover-ups. IAAF medical chief Arne Ljungqvist said Sunday
that USATF exonerated two athletes who tested positive for the
steroid nandrolone without notifying the IAAF. There is another
nandrolone case and three testosterone positives on which Ljungqvist
wants details.

In this climate, some wonder about USADA's independence. Its CEO,
Terry Madden, was former USOC President Bill Hybl's chief of staff.
Rich Young, who will prosecute cases for USADA, was a USOC lawyer.
He investigated charges that the USOC covered up positive drug
tests; the charges came from Wade Exum, a former USOC drug chief
who is suing the USOC for racial discrimination.

"This is just a clone of the USOC hierarchy, so it won't be independent
at all," Exum says. "It's a big incestuous pile."

U.S. drug czar Barry McCaffrey gives USADA a thumbs-up: "Frank
Shorter, in my view, is unimpeachable.  . . . There's a
lot of hard work to do. You need to build an institution. My guess
is two to five years to build an institution we'll all be satisfied
with."

Others will be watching, such as Casey Wade, director of the drug-free
sport program for the Canadian Centre for Ethics in Sports. "I'm
confident it can be independent," he says. "I'll be the first
to speak out if it's not operating that way."

Exum and the USOC released documents during the weekend that appear
to point to problems in the USOC's testing of athletes in all
its sports for 1999. Exum interprets the figures as 207 positives
with 10 convictions. Not so, says the USOC, noting that about
60% of the positive tests were for asthma drugs for which athletes
had medical exemptions.

According to the documents, of the 22 tests that were positive
for steroids, there was one suspension with other cases in the
appeals process. The USOC indicates that many of the 22 steroid
cases are for testosterone. Even USOC officials acknowledge it's
next to impossible to get a suspension for testosterone.

USADA's Young says that's about to change. USADA plans to use
a more specific test to determine if high levels of testosterone
are natural.

"I'm expecting to be winning testosterone cases," Young says.

The number of out-of-competition tests conducted by the USOC in
1999, 1,325, also troubles some observers as too low for a country
that sent 603 athletes to Sydney. Wade says the USA should have
at least 2,000 a year. USADA plans 2,500 out-of-competition tests
to go with an equal number of in-competition tests in its first
year.

An affidavit given Wednesday by former USOC medical chief Robert
Voy in conjunction with the Exum case also raises concerns about
the USOC system. Voy said the USOC and its national governing
bodies don't adequately discourage performance-enhancing drug
use, aren't interested in reducing drug use and have covered up
positive tests. In addition, he states performance drug use "is
common among American Olympic-level athletes."

Scott Blackmun, who served as the USOC's general counsel and now
is the group's director for sports resources, says the affidavit
"is filled with opinions, unusual in an affidavit context."

Shorter hopes to curtail suspicion with openness and streamlined
appeals. Some celebrated cases, such as Mary Slaney's testosterone
positive overturned by USATF, took more than a year.

Shorter estimates cases can be handled in four months. He plans
to provide an annual accounting of cases and announce verdicts
after appeals.

"We need to set up a mechanism so everyone is aware of what's
going on here," he says. "The whole point is to regain trust,
particularly with the rest of the world."

LOAD-DATE: October 02, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Tim Dillon, USA TODAY; Down: Revelations of four steroid
positives for shot-putter C.J. Hunter, left, with wife Marion Jones, added to
low international perception of U.S. drug testing.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              117 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     October 6, 2000, Friday, CHASE EDITION

No raised voices and a refreshing change of pace

BYLINE: Walter Shapiro

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 957 words


Normally, a vice-presidential debate does not inspire grave reflections
on the future of the republic. After all, how excited can anyone
become about a battle to be the man who stands behind the president
at the next State of the Union Address? As Ed McMahon and Dan
Quayle can testify, second bananas and elected sidekicks just
don't get any respect.

But that was before Thursday night, when Dick Cheney and Joe Lieberman
decided to treat the American people to the most cerebral national
debate since the invention of television. Without raising their
voices or resorting to hatchet-man invective, the candidates adopted
the tone of a Cabinet secretary and a ranking senator holding
an extended colloquy during a congressional hearing.


True, all the prior we're-No.-2-so-we-try-harder encounters have
been much more fun. Even though there had been only five vice-presidential
debates before Thursday night, they have created more than their
share of epic moments. Think Lloyd Bentsen devastating Quayle
with that "You're no Jack Kennedy" comeback or Adm. James Stockdale
staring quizzically at the camera and asking, "Who am I? Why
am I here?"

Neither Joe Lieberman nor Dick Cheney were under any pressure
to prove they were capable of holding a job that the voters twice
entrusted to Spiro Agnew. Who can doubt that the respected two-term
senator from Connecticut and the former secretary of Defense would
be reassuring figures in the White House if the next president
couldn't finish his term of office?

Yet the debate should have offered voters a study in contrasts.
On the campaign trail, Lieberman often comes across as Mel Brooks
playing an Old Testament prophet, while Cheney can look like he'd
rather be presiding in a corporate board room or conducting an
invitation-only seminar at the Council on Foreign Relations. But
after a tepid introductory joke about pre-debate advice from his
mother fell flat, Lieberman decided it was more prudent to emulate
Cheney and pretend that the debate was only being carried by C-SPAN.

Since Lieberman, as the first major-party Jewish nominee for national
office, has already aroused near unprecedented national attention,
it was the often smooth, but sometimes soporific, Cheney who had
far more at stake in a debate that served as his reintroduction
to the voters.

Watching Cheney, who bravely wore an I'm-my-own-man blue shirt,
was a reminder that if the Bush ticket is triumphant, this candidate
who served as White House chief of staff a quarter-century ago,
may emerge as the most powerful vice president in history. In
contrast to Lieberman, whose favorite expression was "Al Gore
and I," Cheney often gave the impression that he believed that
the vice presidency was an independently elected office. Like
Gore in many of his debates, Cheney sometimes ran the risk of
demonstrating an ill-concealed sense of superiority, as when he
dismissed one of Lieberman's answers by sniffing, "You have to
be a CPA to understand what he just said."

With the parliament building in Belgrade shrouded in tear gas
and Israeli-Palestinian relations at a flash point after nearly
a week of bloody rioting, foreign policy and military affairs
deservedly received top billing. Unlike the Tuesday night exchanges
in Boston, during which George W. Bush seemed like he wanted to
switch channels to the baseball playoffs every time Serbia came
up, both vice-presidential candidates reveled in the chance to
discuss America's role in an uncertain world.

With the names of world leaders confidently rolling off their
tongues, Lieberman and Cheney defined important differences about
how they (and by implication their running mates) believe that
the nation should employ its unchallenged military power. Lieberman
made a strong case for a moral component to foreign policy, hailing
the Clinton administration's overall record in the Balkans. On
the other hand, Cheney reflected the more cautious view that the
risks of intervention in places like Kosovo usually outweigh the
humanitarian benefits. Asked whether the military should emphasize
serving as warriors or peacekeepers, Cheney unhesitatingly declared,
"I prefer to deploy them as warriors."

It is an important debate, which sets the stage for the two remaining
faceoffs between Bush and Gore. For as much as Cheney relished
recalling the Gulf War, it is unlikely that future foreign-policy
confrontations will allow America to unleash its superior resources
along a static desert battlefield. It is the messy crises like
Bosnia, Kosovo and Rwanda, with shadowy adversaries and difficult
terrain, that will define the extent and limits of U.S. power
in the coming decade.

After more than an hour of gingerly debate, both candidates remembered
the traditional role of the vice-presidential nominee as partisan
hit man. Taking his glasses off to mount an attack, Cheney portrayed
the Clinton administration as paralyzed by the Washington climate
of bickering. Lieberman deflected the attack, suggesting, in an
artful allusion to Cheney's contribution to Bush's intemperate
open-mike comments about a New York Times reporter, that
the administration had succeeded "big time."

It was Richard Nixon who famously said that a vice-presidential
candidate could never help, but only hurt the ticket. Thursday
night demonstrated how wrong Nixon could be. Lieberman and Cheney
spent 90 minutes elevating the tone of American politics and demonstrating
the wisdom of the presidential candidates who selected them. If
the rest of this campaign comes close to matching this level,
the American people should consider themselves blessed.



LOAD-DATE: October 06, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              118 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 12, 2000, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Tech stocks struggle to find bottom

BYLINE: Adam Shell

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 522 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK -- Finding a bottom sure is painful.

The Nasdaq composite continued its scary descent Wednesday as
a fifth consecutive session of losses left the bruised index just
4 points above its May 23 low.

Despite recovering from a 137-point intraday slide, the Nasdaq
closed down 72 points, or 2.2%, at 3168.49, an eyelash above its
closing low of 3164.55. The latest sell-off, which came on the
bull market's 10th anniversary, left worried investors wondering
if the Nasdaq's recent rough patch is just a temporary pause or
a sign of things to come.


Expect more pain, says John Forelli, portfolio manager at Independence
Investment Associates. "We still have plenty of room to fall,"
he says, citing the high valuations of tech stocks despite the
Nasdaq's 37% drop from its high. "If the Nasdaq breaks 3000,
the next stop could be 2500."

Optimists such as Al Goldman, strategist at A.G. Edwards, argue
that bargains abound now that shares of many top-tier tech stocks
have been slashed by 50% or more. "There are a lot of opportunities
in this market," he says. His favorites: Cisco Systems, 38% off
its 52-week high; America Online, down 43%; and Intel, off 53%.

A review of the carnage, however, offers investors few reasons
to jump in:

* The trend is down. Wednesday, 544 Nasdaq stocks hit 52-week
lows. Only 17 hit highs.

* Earnings may not make the grade. Hopes that gangbuster
third-quarter profit reports would rescue the market from its
malaise are fading. Despite beating estimates by 1 cent, shares
of Yahoo fell 21% Wednesday because of concerns about its revenue
growth next year. Shares of Lucent Technologies declined 32% after
it issued a profit warning. Motorola shares fell 18% after it
cut profit estimates through 2001 and projected slowing mobile
phone growth.

The big worry is that the profit pinch will extend to the fourth
quarter, notes Greg Smith, strategist at Prudential Securities.
"A solid quarter won't be worth anything if a company doesn't
follow it up with positive commentary about current business conditions."

* Techs still aren't cheap. Despite big losses, many techs
are selling at exorbitant price-to-earnings ratios. Palm, a maker
of handheld computing devices, is selling at 421 times trailing
12-month earnings despite a 72% drop in its stock price. Yahoo
is down 74%, but its P-E is 267. Others, like Apple Computer,
with a P-E of 10, are now being viewed as value plays.

If the Nasdaq punches through its current low, its next key support
level is 3156, a level not seen since Nov. 10, according to Scanshift.com.


Tech P-E rangeSome tech stocks still trade at huge multiples to
earnings, while others now sport price-earnings ratios in the
30s or less.

Change from highP-E[+1]
Palm -72%421
Yahoo-74%267
America Online -43%119
Cisco Systems-38% 96
Qualcomm-65% 92
Motorola-65% 38
Dell Computer -61% 36
Microsoft-54% 32
Lucent -75% 29
Intel -53% 28
WorldCom-58% 16
Apple Computer -74% 10

1 -- Most recently reported four quarters' earnings

Source: Yahoo finance

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              120 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 3, 2000, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Fair game

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 18A

LENGTH: 401 words


Boo civility. Pity the poor slob who has to get on the
stadium loudspeaker ahead of the Penn State football game Saturday
and admonish fans not to engage in "negative cheering" against
Iowa. The announcer is liable to get more boos than the Hawkeyes
do.


The idea of pre-game appeals to civility was proposed by a professor
who argues that fans used to be more polite. His fellow professors
on the faculty senate found the idea eminently wise, approving
it last week.

Sports fans see it a little differently: Here comes another academic
theory that sails loftily out of the ivory tower, and croaks.

A wide receiver gets body-slammed into the shape of an Eggo waffle
by several thousand pounds of competition, and Penn State's worrying
that his feelings might have been hurt by fans' boos at the beginning
of the game? Next thing you know, they'll ban cheering in order
to preserve opponents' self-esteem.

And talk about taking the fun out of spectating. Not much point
in coming early to watch the other team's players run onto the
field if you can't psych them out.

Ultimately, the rule has only one virtue: With Penn State's starting
record, now 4-5, among its worst ever, it might keep fans from
jeering their own team.

Yeah civility. After a notably issue-oriented race by both
the Bush and Gore campaigns, the climate is turning negative in
these final days.

The Gore camp is harping on George W. Bush's political inexperience
and arguing that he'll bring "social insecurity" to senior citizens.

The Bush side is mocking Al Gore's propensity for exaggeration
and for "spending without discipline."

The received political wisdom is that the public will react angrily
to this change in tone.

But the public's view is far more nuanced and sophisticated than
that generalization allows, according to a recent poll by the
Institute for Global Ethics.

Seven in 10 Americans think it's fair to criticize a candidate
for talking one way and voting another. Six in 10 approve of criticizing
a candidate for the campaign contributions he takes. What doesn't
wash, says a majority, is attacking a candidate's personal life,
or tarring him with the record of politicians he has associated
with.

In fact, attacks are good as long as they reflect the facts.

So bring on the criticism. No one is likely to boo -- except at
Penn State.

LOAD-DATE: November 03, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              122 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  November 22, 2000, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

U.S. blasted in talks over global warming Europe assails treaty loopholes on gas
emissions

BYLINE: Ellen Hale

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 27A

LENGTH: 501 words

DATELINE: THE HAGUE, Netherlands


THE HAGUE, Netherlands -- With just three days left to work out
details of an international treaty on global warming, negotiations
virtually ground to a halt Tuesday after Europe accused the United
States of creating self-serving loopholes to help meet its targets
to reduce greenhouse gas emissions.

U.S. negotiators, in turn, warned "time is growing short" and
said other countries need to make compromises, as well, after
Europe slammed the latest proposal from the United States to use
so-called forest "sinks" as credit for cutting its emissions.

The United States, which emits more greenhouse gases than any
other country, has said forest and agricultural land that absorb
the gases should be credited for about one-sixth of its emissions-reduction
target. Europe, environmental groups and other nations argue that
the credit from these so-called sinks, combined with other mechanisms
such as trading emissions with other countries, would allow the
United States to reach halfway to its target without taking any
tough action at home.


Chief U.S. negotiator Frank Loy told representatives of the more
than 180 countries meeting here that a "more pragmatic, less
dogmatic" approach was needed if progress was going to be made
in implementing the Kyoto Protocol. The 1997 treaty set targets
for reducing gases that cause global warming.

"We stand ready to make reasonable compromises," Loy said. He
also warned that "while we are willing to be flexible in our
positions, we will not sacrifice our core principles."

The sinks issue has become a major sticking point in progress
at the two-week conference, which ends Friday.

Earlier on Tuesday, environment ministers from Europe accused
the United States of trying to duck its responsibilities by creating
loopholes to get credit for cutting emissions instead of taking
direct action through measures like energy efficiency. The ministers
flatly rejected the U.S. offer made Monday to count about one-third
of the carbon dioxide absorbed by forests as part of its plan
to meet the target of reducing greenhouse gas emissions to 7%
below 1990 levels by the year 2012.

"The major countries that emit should take domestic action, and
not have these loopholes," said Dominique Voynet, French minister
of the environment. He said the treaty negotiations were being
held hostage to the "unilateral requirement of one country."

Also Tuesday, the United Nations weather agency said deaths from
heat waves in big cities worldwide are expected to double over
the next 20 years if global warming isn't curbed.

World Meteorological Organization Secretary General Godwin Obasi,
speaking at The Hague, said small increases in global temperatures
due to "greenhouse gases" are amplified in big cities.

Noting that hundreds of people died in one U.S. heat wave in the
Northeast and Midwest last year, Obasi said that deaths from heat
waves in big U.S. cities could reach 4,000 by 2020.



LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Fred Ernst, Reuters; Loy: Urges a "more pragmatic, less
dogmatic" approach.

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              124 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 8, 2000, Friday, FINAL EDITION

2002 Mountaineer is its own SUV

BYLINE: James R. Healey

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 10D

LENGTH: 1708 words


In Ford Motor's musical-chairs brand scheme, Mercury is close
to being without a place to sit when the tune stops.

To keep playing, Mercury needs vehicles that are more than Fords
with extra chrome and higher prices. It has some proprietary models
already, but sales of the Cougar sports coupe and Villager minivan
haven't been good lately.

Still, those models have attracted the younger, hipper shoppers
that Mercury wants.

A test of that still-slight momentum comes early next year. Mercury
continues trying to reshape its image into suburban, professional
respectability when it launches the redesigned, 2002 Mountaineer
sport-utility vehicle.


Since introduction in 1996 as a '97 model, Mountaineer has been
a near-clone of Ford Explorer. That has changed.

The redesigned '02 Mountaineer continues to share frame, suspension
layout, engines and transmission with Explorer, but otherwise
has its own identity. It looks different, handles better and is
equipped differently than the '02 Explorer (Test Drive, Dec. 1).
Explorer is a serious SUV, able to prowl the mud and sand in four-wheel
drive's low-range gears. "Mountaineer buyers' idea of a muddy
experience is a thick cup of espresso," quips Christine Moore,
brand manager for Mountaineer.

Mountaineer is aimed at well-off professionals who want a truck
as an anti-minivan or for antiquing and other genteel pursuits,
not for wallowing in bogs or tugging hot-rod bass boats up steep
ramps.

Most Explorers will have the standard 4-liter, V-6 engine; most
Mountaineers will come with the optional 4.6-liter V-8. Third-row,
front-facing, two-kid seat is optional on Explorer, standard on
Mountaineer. Base Explorer has a manual transmission; Mountaineer
comes only with automatic.

Mountaineer's shock absorbers and tires were chosen and tuned
for sportier handling than Explorer delivers. A half-day test
drive in Arizona and a week in Virginia verified that Mercury's
not kidding. Attention to the tires and shock absorbers, combined
with the independent rear suspension and stiff frame that Explorer
uses, lets Mountaineer avoid the tail bounce that the '02 Explorer
exhibits. Mountaineer felt more secure in corners, and its steering
was more in tune with the road. Mercury claims it also stops shorter
than Explorer will.

Trade-off: Bad patches of road encountered at highway speed tossed
the tautly suspended Mountaineer too much for comfort or steering
precision. Otherwise, Mountaineer was impossibly pleasant, both
in ordinary driving and demanding maneuvers. As long as you'll
accept a bit harder ride than in a sporty car, Mountaineer should
strike you as pretty agile and comfortable, especially for an
SUV that's a real, robust, trailer-towing, cargo-hauling truck
underneath, not a lighter-duty car.

Mountaineer's four-wheel-drive (4x4) system also is entirely different.
Explorer uses a fairly conventional arrangement. The driver chooses
among 4x4 automatic, 4x4 high and 4x4 low settings.

Mountaineer has no choices and no low range. Its system always
drives all four wheels, and thus is more properly called all-wheel-drive
(AWD). Similar to AWD on '96-'01 V-8 Explorers and Mountaineers,
the '02 setup normally sends about 35% of the power to the front
wheels, 65% to the rears.

It adjusts the front-rear balance as traction changes. For those
who don't need a low-range, nor care to use the one they have,
Mountaineer's system is invisibly marvelous.

Having significant power to the front wheels all the time makes
a vehicle more stable than if it were powered only at the front
or the rear. Mountaineer moves with the confidence that its AWD
implies.

All-wheel drive makes sense even where there aren't tough winters
or periodic rainstorms because it enhances dry-road manners. It's
an option, so some won't get that benefit.

Mountaineer is one of the first Ford Motor products that reflect
significant input from design boss J Mays, who joined Ford in
1997 after work in Europe that included the Concept One show car
that became the VW New Beetle.

Mays put what he calls an architectural face on Mountaineer. Using
easily shaped plastic instead of fussy metal, Mountaineer presents
a crisp, bold grille, hood and front fenders. Vertical faux-aluminum
bars suggest the overwhelming grilles of '30s classics. Fenders
wrap tightly around the front structure, and headlights are styled
as if integral with the fenders.

Side cladding and taillights aren't as nice.

The cladding itself isn't bad. But bumps along the lower edge
look unfortunately like clips that are supposed to be holding
a piece of rocker-panel trim, and the trim's missing.

Grilles over the tail lamps evoke something bought from a catalog
and installed by an owner hoping to customize the truck. But you
see a lot of after-market taillight covers, so Mountaineer's probably
are on target commercially, if not aesthetically.

The dashboard size, shape and layout match Explorer's, but details
differ. Gauges use red pointers and dimpled, plastic trim that
resembles the gorgeous dimpled aluminum in the Audi TT. Fine if
you haven't seen TT; a bit ersatz if you have.

The silvered look, without dimples, surrounds Mountaineer's stereo
and heating controls and is used on the four spokes of the steering
wheel. Overall, not bad, but not the real thing, which gives Mountaineer
a slightly sour wannabe fragrance.

The picky consumer will question the vertical row of three fake
buttons right of the stereo. "What's missing? I ordered all the
options," the consumer might grumble.

To get all the buttons, you have to buy an Explorer with four-wheel
drive. Its three 4x4 controls fill the spaces. The fancy Mercury
looks as if something's missing; the plainer Ford looks fully
featured.

Gripes about Explorer apply to Mountaineer. The middle seat in
the second row should have a lap-shoulder safety belt instead
of the less-safe lap-only belt (one's under development; timing
uncertain). You can't reach the overdrive button on the end of
the gearshift without taking a hand off the wheel. Tacky plastic
plugs fill holes on the passenger-side windshield pillar, where
the passenger grab bar attaches.

Those seeking utmost utility will wonder about the third seat.
Why one piece instead of two halves that could be folded separately
to better tailor cargo and people space? Why not more folding
room so the cargo floor would be level, not just flat?

But drive the thing a few times and marvel at its accommodating
interior, easy-going road manners, all-weather confidence, slick-shifting
automatic transmission. Back windows even go down all the way,
a rare nod to ventilation and four-window symmetry. And Ford has
finally reworked the ignition switch so the stereo stays on when
you shut off the engine. How annoying it has been to interrupt
the finale of favorite songs.

Mountaineer felt like the closest anybody's come to the blend
of style and substance that made Jeep Grand Cherokee a darling
in some circles. Plus, Mountaineer was more fun to drive than
the Jeep, roomier and more comfortable.

Mercury hasn't an authentic, off-road-oriented 4x4 system like
Jeep's. But the Mountaineer otherwise is useful, friendly, distinctive.
It has the credentials to displace the Jeep in lots of garages.

If Mountaineer is harbinger -- the company says it is -- then
Mercury will be a fun brand to have around.


Mercury Mountaineer

* What is it? Mercury's latest attempt at relevance; a
midsize, four-door sport-utility vehicle that no longer is just
a near-clone of Ford Explorer.

 * How much? Base model with V-6 engine and two-wheel drive
starts at $ 29,230, including $ 600 destination charge. V-6 with
all-wheel drive (AWD) starts at $ 31,210. The expected best seller
-- V-8, all-wheel drive (AWD), well-optioned -- is $ 34,920. Loaded
with every factory option: $ 37,555.

 * How soon?At dealers late February or early March.

 * What do you get? Standard equipment on base, two-wheel-drive
model includes 4-liter, overhead-camshaft, V-6 engine rated 210
horsepower, 255 pounds-feet of torque; five-speed automatic transmission;
third-row, two-passenger folding seat; anti-lock brakes; air conditioning;
power steering, brakes, driver's seat, windows, locks, mirrors;
cruise control; AM/FM/CD/cassette stereo; remote-control locks;
tilting and telescoping steering column; rear-window washer, wiper,
defroster; fog lights; roof rack; aluminum-alloy wheels with P245/70R
16-inch tires.

The expected best seller comes with 4.6-liter V-8 engine, rated
240 hp, 280 lbs.-ft., and additional features, including AWD,
heated front seats upholstered in two-tone leather, memory settings
for driver's seat, power passenger seat, dual-zone automatic temperature
control and auxiliary climate control for rear passengers, automatic-on
headlights, auto-dimming inside rearview mirror, outside mirror
defrosters, and approach lamps that light the area around the
truck when the remote lock button is pressed.

 * How many?About 60,000 a year.

 * How thirsty?Mercury estimates 16 miles per gallon in
town, 22 mpg on the highway for V-6, two-wheel drive model; 14/18
for V-8, AWD.

 * How big? An inch longer than the '02 Explorer, and the
roof is nearly an inch lower. The '02 Mountaineer is 190.7 inches
long, 72.1 inches wide, 71.1 inches tall (including roof rack),
on a 113.7-inch wheelbase.

 * How brawny? Maximum cargo capacity with second and third
seats folded is 81.3 cubic feet. That compares with 79.8 in the
'01, and 87.8 in an '02 Explorer without third-row seat. (Cargo
numbers are according to the latest Society of Automotive Engineers
formula -- J1100, revised in 1998 for use starting in 2000. Some
automakers use a previous SAE formula because it tends to give
larger cargo numbers.)

Mountaineer is rated to carry 1,515 pounds of people and cargo
(two-wheel drive) or 1,455 pounds (AWD). Towing capacity ranges
from 3,500 pounds to 7,300 pounds, depending on equipment.

 * Overall: Lovely package; Mercury deserves applause for
going its own way.

LOAD-DATE: December 08, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, B/W (3)

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              125 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 11, 2000, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Parents battle schools over discipline for kids Confrontation, litigation are
becoming commonplace

BYLINE: Marilyn Elias

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1321 words


Contrite parents used to come to the principal's office and apologize
if a child had broken school rules. The youngster was sure to
hear plenty about his behavior at home.

Now the scenario is dramatically different, veteran educators
say. School officials -- not the misbehaving kids -- often are
the ones who catch the brunt of parental fury.

"A few years ago, we started seeing a change," says Marla Shwarts,
dean of students at South High School in Torrance, Calif. "Now
they get angry at us, and the first thing they say is 'You did
something wrong' or even 'You'll be hearing from my attorney.'


"This kind of reaction used to be rare. Now it's the opposite.
More frequently than not, parents are adversarial."

Shwarts, 50, oversees discipline at the upper-middle-class school
in suburban Los Angeles.

Across the nation "there's been a revolution in parental attitudes
toward teachers and schools," says psychologist William Damon,
director of the Stanford University Center on Adolescence. "There's
less respect. Parents are going to school acting like lawyers
or agents for their kids."

Damon travels constantly, speaking with school employees and parents.

"I can't tell you how many times I've heard about kids cheating,
plagiarizing, even stealing. The teacher's trying to tell the
child what a serious thing it is and that he'll have to be disciplined,"
Damon says. "Then parents undermine that. They say, 'My child
isn't being fairly treated. Everybody in school cheats. He's just
being loyal to friends.' They make excuses, let their kids off
the hook. Nowadays, there's almost a knee-jerk protectiveness."

Parents have become so intrusive and adversarial that this fall
a group of more than 100 independent schools in the Washington,
D.C.-Maryland area released a code for civil conduct between parents
and schools.

By enrolling their child in a school, parents "agree to subscribe
to its mission, follow its rules and abide by its decisions,"
the policy states. While supporting "constructive" disagreement
with school decisions, the code says that parents "should not
expect the Board of Trustees to act as an appeals board" and
warns that it's "counterproductive" to lobby other parents.

If "the parent cannot remain a constructive member of the (school)
community . . . both the parent and the school should
consider whether another school would be a better match."

Nowadays, in public and private schools, even slight rebukes to
young students can send protective parents racing in to complain.

"It's the dark side of the soccer mom," says Fred Grossman,
a school psychologist in Beaverton, Ore. "Middle-class parents
are overinvolved in their child's life. Their lives almost become
merged, and it never used to be like this. It's like life or death
if anything bad happens to their child."

Some think the "my kid, right or wrong" approach reflects a
compensatory urge, prompted by guilt over long hours away from
youngsters. Parents now spend about 11 fewer hours a week with
their children than parents did in 1960, according to a National
Research Council report last year.

On the discipline front, "parents who are most militant for zero
tolerance on drugs and alcohol are exactly the ones who will turn
on a dime when their own kids are involved," says Richard Jung,
headmaster at the Bullis School in Potomac, Md. "They'll go after
the teacher, the rule. They'll go after board members. They'll
bring in the lawyers."

They demand strict rules because they're so protective of their
kids, and they remain protective if a youngster gets caught, he
suggests.

The changing legal climate is a key factor encouraging parental
activism, parents and educators agree.

For example, under recently tightened federal laws, public schools
can't suspend youngsters with a learning disability or emotional
disorder for more than 10 days in a school year without a hearing
to determine whether the misconduct was caused by the disability.

"It amounts to jumping through hoops, so most districts stick
to the 10 days," says Julie Weatherly, an Atlanta lawyer who
represents many school systems.

A growing number of parents are getting their kids diagnosed with
such conditions as attention deficit disorder (ADD), Weatherly
says. They then claim any misbehavior was caused by the disability
and demand special academic programs, as required by law.

"I have one case where a middle school girl was starting fights
and setting fires. They claim it's because she has ADD, but plenty
of kids with ADD don't do stuff like that," she says. "We see
a lot of children who aren't ADD. They're B-A-D, and their parents
are using the law to exempt their kids from discipline."

Deborah Crockett, a school psychologist in Fayette County, Ga.,
says, "Some of the special-ed claims are legitimate, a lot are
not." Her pet peeve: "I call them 'the Stepford special-ed kids'
because there are templates out there on the Internet, cookbook
ways for how to qualify your kid no matter what, and parents use
them. The fact is, these kids have safeguards that other kids
don't; they're much more difficult to expel."

To help prevent problems, her district started parent classes
three years ago on such hot-button topics as "Living and Parenting
in an Indulged Community" and "Handling Childhood Anger."

There are valid reasons to be more concerned than in the past
if a youngster's high jinks end up on a permanent record. Getting
into college is more competitive than ever, and parents fear that
their children will lose a competitive advantage, Jung says.

Also, studies show that children with disabilities are more likely
than classmates to be suspended, says Indiana University education
researcher Russell Skiba. So parents of those kids are justified
in protesting undue punishment, he says.

Discipline-related lawsuits against school districts have increased
in recent years, experts say. Most don't come to trial, but when
they do, "students are losing these cases right and left," says
Perry Zirkel, an education law expert at Lehigh University in
Bethlehem, Pa.

"There is more litigation because there is more at stake," Zirkel
says. Instead of minor punishments, many youngsters now face automatic
expulsion.

As reports grow of schools throwing out kids for such offenses
as bringing nail clippers to school and sharing Midol with classmates,
critics of zero tolerance think parents are right to challenge
harsh policies. They point to cases like that of Kurt Armstrong
of Collingswood (N.J.) High School, who typed a joke message into
a school computer and was expelled for making a bomb threat. His
mother fought the decision and won, but only after Kurt spent
his junior year at a different school in another state (story,
9D).

Many observers see an atmosphere of ugly polarization developing
around school discipline. On the one side are parents leaping
to the defense of their princes and princesses, no matter what,
using lawsuits as clubs to intimidate financially strapped public
schools. On the other are enforcers of rigid rules designed to
protect districts from charges of arbitrary punishment and quell
fears of violence.

"Good judgment has been thrown out the window," Stanford's Damon
says. "Districts either are walking away from it, caving in or
coming down like a ton of bricks on every kid."

The big loser here: children. "If all we do is finger-point --
parents blame the schools, schools blame the parents, and everyone
blames the government -- then we go round in circles," says Ted
Feinberg of the National Association of School Psychologists.

"It's obvious that schools and parents share some of the blame
for what's happened, and both are going to have to take responsibility
to solve this problem."

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Jim Graham for USA TODAY; PHOTO, Color, Michael Schwarz,
USA TODAY; Case in point: Kurt Armstrong was expelled from Collingswood (N.J.)
High for a prank. His mother fought the decision, and he was reinstated after a
year. Back to school: Deborah Crockett, front right, a school psychologist in
Peachtree City, Ga., teaches parents to cope.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              126 of 126 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 14, 2000, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Energy: Restricted federal land may be explored for oil

BYLINE: Dina Temple-Raston

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 360 words

<>
When President-elect George W. Bush takes office next month, his
administration could have a major impact on issues that affect
employers, consumers, investors and workers. In this special report,
USA TODAY reporters examine the issues likely to affect business
and the economy.
<>

Issue: Fuel policy

Outlook: During the campaign, Bush proposed opening 8%,
or 1.5 million acres, of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge to
possible oil drilling. Environmentalists complained, but Bush
said the exploration could be done without leaving "footprints."


Under his $ 7.1 billion, 10-year energy plan, the royalties energy
companies pay the government to draw the oil and gas from the
Arctic would be funneled to environmental conservation programs.
And the Arctic refuge may be the first of many federal refuges
that could be subject to oil exploration. Bush said he would order
a review of restricted federal land to see what might be opened
to oil and gas exploration in a bid to decrease U.S. dependency
on foreign oil.

Bush also said he would consider loosening regulations on oil
refinery and pipeline construction in the USA in a bid to ease
tight energy supplies that have driven up prices this winter.
While Bush has advocated stepping up domestic fuel exploration,
he has said he will extend the current moratorium on off-shore
drilling off the coasts of Florida and California.

Clean coal technology will also get a boost from the new administration.
Bush has said he would earmark federal money to fund research
on new, cleaner uses of coal and would extend tax credits for
electricity produced from alternative fuels.

Issue: Global warming

Outlook: Bush has said he believes the planet is warming,
but he hasn't embraced any particular scientific theory on why
or what it will do to the environment. He says the United States
should develop technology to reduce greenhouse gases. And he wants
to require mandatory emission reductions from old power plants.
He opposes the Kyoto treaty to reduce global emissions because
he believes it places an unfair burden regarding cleanup on the
USA.

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.
