
                               1 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 9, 1997, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Testing the air up there

BYLINE: Tim Friend

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 1969 words

DATELINE: LA JOLLA, Calif.


LA JOLLA, Calif. -- Air pollution generated by emerging industrialized
countries may be cooling the climates of those regions and having
global impact comparable in size to greenhouse-effect warming.

Concerns about potential effects of the new pollution are serious
enough that 100 scientists from 12 countries are gearing up for
one of the largest field studies of climate change ever conducted.
The leading scientists are meeting here today at the Scripps Institution
of Oceanography to finalize strategies for the study that will
begin in January.

The $ 25 million Indian Ocean Experiment (INDOEX) addresses the
relatively new question of global cooling: Are man-made emissions
of sulfur and other airborne compounds holding in check the global
warming believed to be caused by greenhouse gases such as carbon
dioxide and chlorofluorocarbons?

If so, regulating pollutants will assume a new complexity, and
finding an ecological balance will become more precarious. Also,
finding the answer is vital for predicting climate changes in
the 21st century as India and other emerging industrial powers
become leading producers of airborne-particle, or aerosol, pollutants.


"Over the last 30 years, the scientific community has been focusing
on warming. But this new question came to the fore a few years
ago. Why hasn't the warming occurred that was predicted?" says
Veerabhadran "Ram" Ramanathan, director of the Center for Clouds,
Chemistry and Climate (C4) here at Scripps. "The role aerosols
play in cooling the atmosphere is one of the biggest sources of
uncertainty. This has tremendous implications for what will become
of the Earth's climate."

Greenhouse plus

The greenhouse effect is caused by the accumulation of carbon
dioxide and other gasses in the atmosphere that scientists say
traps heat and envelopes the Earth like a warm blanket. But in
addition to greenhouse gases, industrial nations produce sulfur
emissions. Sulfur comes from burning coal in power plants, burning
fields for agriculture and even the outdoor cooking fires common
to many countries.

Sulfur is the source of acid rain. But before it becomes acid
rain, it is converted in the atmosphere into solid particles (aerosols)
of sulfate.

"Nature also generates its own aerosols from soil dust, sea salt,
volcanoes and biological debris," Ramanathan says. "But globally,
man-made sulfur emissions are a factor of two to three times greater
than natural sources."

Aerosol mirrors

When released into the clear sky, man-made and natural aerosols
catch the sun's rays like trillions of microscopic mirrors and
reflect those rays back into space. That means less solar radiation
than normal reaches the continents and oceans so they become cooler.

More importantly, when aerosols are mixed into clouds, they make
the clouds persist longer than normal and make them more reflective.
The aerosol-laden clouds over a polluting nation become giant
mirrors that reflect even more solar energy back into space.

"One of our major interests is in how the aerosols might affect
the properties of clouds. If they do, then there will be an impact
on climate," says co-chief scientist Paul Crutzen, director of
the Max Planck Institute for Chemistry and the 1995 Nobel Laureate
in chemistry.

The Indian Ocean was selected as the site because it provides
"an excellent natural laboratory to perform combined chemistry
and climate studies," says Jos Lelieveld of the Institute for
Marine Atmospheric Research, Utrecht University, the Netherlands.

From December to April, monsoon winds blow over India from the
Northeast and sweep vast amounts of pollutants, as well as dust
from the Arabian Peninsula, into the air over the Indian Ocean.
At the same time, pristine air from the Southern Hemisphere is
carried up by other winds, says A.P. Mitra, principal coordinator
at the National Physical Laboratory, New Delhi, India.

Pollutants spread

The air masses meet near the equator in a region called the intertropical
convergence zone (ITCZ), which can distribute pollutants both
horizontally over great distances and vertically, possibly into
the uppermost atmosphere where they could be swept over the planet.

The primary goal of INDOEX is to learn how aerosols affect the
amount of solar radiation that warms the planet and how they affect
the composition and chemistry of clouds.

That will require scientists to measure solar radiation in both
pristine and dirty air and to measure the amount of radiation
reflected back, says Robert Sadourney, director of the Laboratoire
de Meteorologie Dynamique, Paris. Direct comparisons will show
for the first time to what extent aerosols may be causing global
cooling.

INDOEX also will determine the types and amounts of aerosols in
the air, examine how they change the behavior and chemistry of
clouds and determine exactly how and how far they are carried
into the upper atmosphere.

To accomplish all of this, the scientists will require satellites,
aircraft, ships, balloons and land-based observatories to make
tens of thousands of measurements in the clean air, dirty air,
clouds and ocean.

The resources are being contributed by France, Germany, England,
India, the Netherlands, Italy, Sweden, Maldives, Mauritus, South
Africa and Israel. In the USA, the National Science Foundation
(NSF), the Department of Energy and the National Oceanographic
and Atmospheric Administration are providing funding.

The scientists, all leaders in their fields, "are addressing
scientific issues of critical importance -- in particular, how
human activities may be modifying climate," says Jay Fein, NSF
program director of climate dynamics.

Instruments in the air

Francisco Valero of Scripps says five different types of aircraft
will be needed to make measurements of solar radiation and to
carry equipment for all of the various chemical studies of the
aerosols.

"We have to see what the aerosols are doing at high altitude
and what the clouds are doing and what is happening when they
mix. Aerosols and clouds are two of the biggest unknowns," Valero
says.

Aircraft also will drop balloons, called drop sondes, that carry
instruments for measuring temperature, horizontal winds and water
vapor concentration between the ocean surface and the bottoms
of clouds.

Low altitude planes will follow below the clouds to measure the
amount of radiation that gets through clouds and also monitor
the types of pollutants present. Scientists aboard a low-level
C-130 aircraft will be responsible for determining aerosol content,
chemical properties and solar radiation levels between the clouds
and the sea surface.

The German research ship Sonne, made available by the Max Plank
Institute for Chemistry, and the Indian ship Sagar Kanya, provided
by the nation's National Physical Laboratory, will measure solar
radiation at the sea surface and study aerosols, including man-made
ozone, between the sea surface and cloud bottoms.

The surface station on the island of Kaashidhoo will make measurements
simultaneously with the aircraft. Geostationary, polar orbiting
and other satellites from the USA, India and Europe will monitor
the 4 million-square-mile staging area and make measurements of
radiation and pollutants in the uppermost atmosphere.

Affecting policy

The data, which will be collected over the next two years, will
influence global environmental policy for decades.

Next month, world leaders meet in Kyoto, Japan, to discuss global
emissions. Ed Frieman, scientific chairman of the Board of Sustainable
Development, National Academy of Sciences, says IDOEX data will
eventually be incorporated into any restrictions before they are
implemeted.

"This experiment is incredibly important, and it will shed an
enormous amount of light on these issues," he says.

Ramanathan says some of the questions raised by INDOEX could be
quite unusual. If aerosol pollutants are indeed offsetting global
warming, he says, then restricting emissions could release the
brake and temperatures could begin rising within just a few years.

That's because aerosols disappear from the atmosphere within months,
while greenhouse gases hang around for decades, even centuries.

"If the world agrees to get the sulfur out, the cooling effect
will disappear in a few years," Ramanathan says. "If you regulate
sulfur completely, you could trigger warming. These are complex
issues, and we could find ourselves making a Faustian bargain."


Polar regions show signs of heating up

While scientists debate the complexities of global cooling and
warming and humankind's contributions to those changes, a clear
phenomenon is occurring at the Earth's polar regions: They are
warming up.

In last week's journal Nature, scientists reported that
the area covered by Antarctic sea ice diminished by 25% between
the mid 1950s and the early 1970s.

In the north, the figurative canary of the coal mine is the tree
line that bounds the arctic in Canada and in Siberia.

Harvey Nichols, professor of biology at the department of Environmental
Population and Organismic Biology, University of Colorado, Boulder,
has discovered that the tree lines of both regions are advancing
farther north and that the changes have occurred since the 1970s.

The barren dwarf spruces and larches that once edged the tundra
are now thriving trees flush with cones, and new seedlings are
just beginning to appear in the tundra.

"The expectations about global warming based on atmospheric models
all point to a predicted warming of the polar regions," Nichols
says. "The arctic tree line has been known for a long time to
be limited by climate. The trees fail to go farther north because
it's too cold. Theoretically, they should respond to climate warming
and show us whether or not such events are taking place."

Nichols also studies fossil pollen along a 900-mile stretch of
the tree line in northern Canada. Like the ebbing and flowing
of an ocean tide, the tree line has advanced and retreated many
times over the centuries. It advanced as much as 240 miles farther
north during the height of natural global warming 5,000 to 6,000
years ago.

Nichols, whose work is supported by the National Geographic Society
and the National Science Foundation, also has learned that a 2-degree
or so rise in temperature causes the tree line to advance about
60 miles. Over the last 2,000 years, the tree line has receded
due to cooler temperatures. The new advance is noteworthy, Nichols
says, but must be kept in perspective.

"We have to be properly humble about this, and we can't say whether
this is global warming produced by industry or whether it is a
natural process or some combination," he says. "But the fact
that we've been able to show it over a large section of wilderness
suggests that it is possibly one of the earliest signs of a major
vegetational boundary responding to climate warming."

Robert Stewart, global change science adviser for the Canadian
Forest Service, Natural Resources Canada, says changes have been
occurring along the northernmost vegetation boundary for about
100 years.

He says Nichols' work supports the studies by Steve Zoltay, Northern
Forestry Center, Edmonton, Alberta, and Dale Vit, University of
Calgary, who study the permafrost. Their work shows that the permafrost
has moved 86 miles northward in the last century, Stewart says.

"Now the tree line has become biologically active," he says.

"We don't know what is causing this but have clear evidence that
the tree line and the permafrost are responding to warmer temperatures."

LOAD-DATE: September 09, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Grant Jerding, USA TODAY, Source: USA TODAY reserch by
Tim Friend; Center for Clouds, Chemistry and Climate (Diagram, Map); PHOTO, B/W,
Harvey Nichols; PHOTO, B/W

TYPE: SCIENCE

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               4 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 22, 1997, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Geology's deep secrets Under the ocean's floor lie answers to the cycles of life

BYLINE: Tim Friend

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 1224 words

DATELINE: ABOARD THE JOIDES RESOLUTION


ABOARD THE JOIDES RESOLUTION -- The cry "Core on deck!" blares
over the ship's loudspeakers, and scientists and technicians race
to the lab stack to receive a 30-foot-long piece of Earth's history.

This is the last day of a month-long expedition of the Ocean Drilling
Program (ODP) to pull up samples of mud, sediment and rock from
beneath the bed of the Atlantic Ocean 60 and 90 miles off the
coast of New Jersey.

Onboard studies of the sediment cores are yielding surprising
findings about the ancient coastline. Ultimately, they will reveal
the extent that the sea level has risen and fallen over the past
34 million years.

The purpose of this operation is to help answer a fundamental
question: Are humans causing global warming, or is the warming
trend noted since the beginning of the 20th century part of a
natural cycle linked to the melting and freezing of polar glaciers,
repeated again and again throughout much of the Earth's geological
history? Scientists may not have the answer for decades. But one
thing that is becoming clear from missions like this one is that
the Earth's climate changes dramatically in regular cycles all
on its own.


"We simply don't know how fast we are making changes in climate
and whether we are gumming it up," says James Austin, co-chief
of the 30-day mission, known officially as Leg 174A. "But if
you want to determine our impact on climate and to predict changes
in the future, you have to understand the past. This ship allows
us to obtain records that go back in time millions of years."

The broader goal of the ODP is to plumb the secrets beneath the
Earth's ocean floors to learn about the planet's origin and evolution,
the evolution of ocean life, and the dynamic forces at work today
that drive volcanoes, earthquakes, continental drift, ocean currents
and climate.

"If you accept the notion that our oceans are the last frontier,
then the JOIDES is to the sea what the Hubble Space Telescope
is to astronomy," says Jeff Fox of Texas A&M University and
manager of science operations for the ODP. "We are looking at
a geological record in the Earth's floor, and it is largely unread."

The cores of sediment and rock that are the gold of the ODP tell
the Earth's stories in many unexpected ways, especially in their
patterns of magnetic lines, their density and porosity and the
way they conduct sound waves, the alkalinity of water within the
sediment pores, the way atoms respond to gamma rays and radioactive
isotopes, and in the content of oxygen and carbon isotopes in
the skeletons of ocean-dwelling organisms.

"If you consider that the sediments record a chapter of the Earth's
history, then the characteristics of the sediments provide the
text of the chapter," Fox says.

The book of Earth history that is being written from these studies
is growing rapidly. In the 12 years of ODP's existence, 4,000
scientists from 20 countries have produced 75,000 pages of data
from 87 miles of cores sampled from all of the oceans.

"Drilling the ocean floor is a spectacular feat," says Michael
Purdy, director of the Division of Ocean Sciences, National Science
Foundation.

To understand the scale of operations here, picture a ship the
size of a matchbox with a 12-foot-long thread extending downward
from its hull. Now guide that thread with the ship through strong
currents directly over a hole slightly bigger around than the
thread. "No sane person would think that it's possible," Purdy
says. "And the only ship that is doing this is the JOIDES Resolution."

Since June 22, 40 ODP scientists and technicians and 60 members
of the JOIDES (Joint Oceanographic Institutions for Deep Earth
Sampling) Resolution crew have been working in 12-hour shifts,
24 hours a day. They drilled 1,400 feet beneath the sea floor
30 miles west of here on the shallow continental shelf and obtained
900 feet of sediment cores. On the deeper slope at this site,
they drilled 2,100 feet below the sea floor and pulled up more
than 2,000 feet of core.

Studies have been ongoing on the ship's 12,000-square-foot, seven-story
laboratory. Over the past week, JOIDES' scientists have discovered
that only 16,000 years ago, the sea level here was so low that
the New Jersey coast extended 60 miles farther out than it does
today. The climate was like modern-day Alaska.

"The Indians were hunting only 30 miles from here 16,000 years
ago," says Austin, shouting over the roar of the ship's multiple
thrusters, which keep the vessel stationary over the borehole
2,000 feet below.

Austin, of the University of Texas at Austin, and co-chief Nicholas
Christie-Blick, Columbia University, were surprised to discover
numerous deep layers of sand below the ocean floor of the continental
shelf that once were beaches.

"There was much more sand than we thought there would be, and
we've gotten the drill stuck in it a couple of times over the
last few weeks," Austin says.

Analysis of the sediments between the deep layers of sand also
shows lagoon environments where shallow waters were evaporating
as the sea level receded.

"From one core we got fossils that were not marine at all,"
Christie-Blick says.

He says such dramatic falls in sea level occur when rainfall and
snowmelt, which normally feed the oceans, are frozen in glaciers
on land as global temperatures cool. Sea levels rise again when
glaciers melt. Over the past 19,000 years, the sea level here
has risen 400 feet.

Sediments from the shelf also reveal surprisingly regular cycles
of warming and cooling over the past 1 million years, with periods
of glaciation occurring about every 100,000 years. Those frigid
eras coincide almost perfectly with a theory called Milankovitch
climate forcing, which states that the Earth wobbles every 20,000,
40,000 and 100,000 years on its axis, elongating its orbit around
the sun and forcing major climate changes, Christie-Blick says.
In a more elliptical orbit, the Earth moves farther away from
the sun and glaciers begin to build.

Evidence of warming and cooling cycles also can be seen in studies
of the microscopic organisms that live in the ocean, die and fall
to the sea floor. They accumulate 1-2 centimeters in depth every
1,000 years.

The scientists found cold water species of organisms in sediments
that corresponded with periods of glaciation and the Milankovitch
cycles. They will follow up with studies of oxygen isotopes contained
in the tiny skeletons. Austin says the isotopes are lighter during
periods of warmth and heavier during periods of glaciation.

"These findings were completely accidental. It wasn't specifically
what we came looking for, but it is very exciting," Christie-Blick
says.

The 3,000 feet of sediment cores retrieved on this mission date
back 34 million years. Preliminary findings for that last 12 million
years suggest that five severe periods of glaciation have occurred
that were even greater than those occurring at the 100,000 year
intervals..

"It is all disturbingly cyclic," Austin says. "But it is one
of the more interesting stories to come out of this leg."

The team on Leg 174A will add its volume to the history in January
1998.

TEXT OF GRAPHIC NOT AVAILABLE -- PLEASE SEE MICROFICHE.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Grant Jerding, USA TODAY, Source: Joint Oceanographic
Institutions (Diagram); GRAPHIC, B/W, Grant Jerding, USA TODAY, Source: Joint
Oceanographic Institutions (Diagram)

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               6 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      March 7, 1997, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Expect health effects from climate changes

BYLINE: Anita Manning

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 9D

LENGTH: 375 words

DATELINE: BETHESDA, Md.


BETHESDA, Md. -- The environmental effects of global warming could
have a profound effect on human health by the middle of the next
century, say scientists meeting here at a conference on climate
change and health.

"It's a crisis, but it's not Doomsday," says Jonathan Patz of
Johns Hopkins School of Public Health, who spoke Thursday at a
meeting of the Society for Occupational and Environmental Health.
Efforts aimed at reducing pollutants that affect climate change
should ultimately -- in a century or so -- permit environmental
recovery, he says, but "there's a lag time" during which repercussions
will be felt.

"Things we've taken for granted are now coming under large-scale
global pressure," says Anthony McMichael of the London School
of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine. "We are tinkering with life
support systems."

Even if emission of gases such as carbon dioxide and methane stopped
tomorrow, scientists say, worldwide temperatures would continue
to rise for several years, with these anticipated results:

-- Rising sea levels. The sea level rose about 7 inches in the
last century, says Steve Leatherman, a geography professor at
the University of Maryland, and it was enough to destroy salt
marshes in the Chesapeake Bay and submerge islands. In the next
century, the sea will rise another 131/2 inches he says, causing
erosion, land loss and displacement of coastal populations

-- More widespread infectious diseases. Mosquitoes that carry
diseases such as dengue fever and malaria thrive in hot, humid
climates. As the region of tropical temperatures broadens, it
is likely the range of these mosquitoes will expand, increasing
the risk of transmission in areas now considered safe. Similarly,
the organism that causes cholera lives in plankton, which responds
to a variety of climate changes, including warming of sea water
surfaces.

-- More droughts, more floods. Shortages of clean water increase
dependence on waste water, which, even though treated, could be
contaminated by cryptosporidium, E. coli and other organisms.
Storm waters caused by flooding carry heavy doses of viruses and
bacteria that cause illness. Droughts and rains also will affect
food production.


LOAD-DATE: March 07, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               8 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 16, 1997, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Lake yields roots of climate changes Scientists study 'layer cake' of sediment

BYLINE: Tim Friend

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 528 words


The highest great lake in the world, Lake Titicaca in the Andes
of Peru, underwent a dramatic fall in water level between 9,000
to 3,500 years ago, new research shows.

The lake, which is at 12,500 feet above sea level, is 900 feet
at its deepest point. The level fell at least 300 feet and the
lake shrank considerably in size. Such a drop in lake levels could
have decimated any ancient civilizations that depended upon the
lake, and it indicates that the climate of the Amazon Basin during
the period was arid, says geologist Paul Baker, Duke University.


The new findings were made by taking long cores of sediment from
the lake bottom. Shallow cores have been taken along the shoreline
by other scientists working in the area, but no one had taken
deep cores from the lake bottom until now, Baker says.

Climate histories are recorded with great accuracy and detail
within the bottom sediments of Earth's lakes and oceans. They
also are found in cores of ice taken from glaciers. The National
Science Foundation and similar funding agencies in other countries
are engaged in studies of both sediment and ice cores taken from
sites at the poles, the equator, the ocean floors and all of the
continents. Together, the cores will provide an unprecedented
view of Earth's climate dating back hundreds of millions of years.

The cores from Lake Titicaca will provide a climate record dating
back 25,000 years and eventually more than 100,000 years, says
co-researcher Geoffrey Seltzer, Syracuse University.

"Think of it as things that wash into the lake and accumulate
like a layer cake on the bottom," Seltzer says. "We punched
a tube through the sediment and then we sectioned it to look at
the youngest and oldest material."

Studies of the chemistry of the cores and of the fossilized microorganisms
within them provide information about salinity, temperature and
lake level. The types of sediments that get washed into the lake
reveal the types of changes that occurred around the lake over
the millennia.

"It's like we have a whole bunch of proxies that washed into
the lake that basically provide us with a record of the landscape
and aquatic changes," Selter says.

To do the research, James Broda of the Woods Hole Oceanographic
Institute found a mothballed 38-foot boat, refurbished it with
money from the National Science Foundation and developed a piston-type
punch for retrieving 40-foot-long cores.

But the most challenging part was getting the boat from Woods
Hole to Lake Titicaca.

The team shipped the boat from New Jersey through the Panama Canal
to the port at Arica, Chile. From there it was hauled by trailer
two days to La Paz, Bolivia, and then another 200 miles up dirt
mountain roads to the lake.

Sheri Lynn Fritz of Lehigh University, Bethlehem, Pa., and Robert
Dunbar of Stanford are co-investigators on the team. Nicholas
Katari, a member of native Aymara culture, captained the boat
and worked with the team during drilling.

The team will return to the lake in May to retrieve more cores
and to conduct seismic studies of the sediments below the lake
bottom.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Paul Baker, Duke University; PHOTO, B/W

TYPE: SCIENCE

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              10 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 1, 1997, Monday, FINAL EDITION

WHO'S WHO AT KYOTO TALKS

BYLINE: Traci Watson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 421 words


Key players in the global warming talks that begin today in
Kyoto, Japan. The talks are aimed at producing a treaty setting
new limits on how much carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases
each country can emit. The gases trap the sun's heat on the Earth's
surface:

-- Donald Pearlman, an attorney with the Washington law firm
Patton Boggs and executive director of the Climate Council, an
industry trade group. Even foes say he is a clever lobbyist with
an unbeatable knowledge of climate negotiations.


-- Bill Hare, climate policy director of Greenpeace International,
which will have one of the largest environmental delegations at
the conference. He will play a key role in carrying out the environmentalists'
strategy, since he has unusual access to diplomats from many nations.

-- Stuart Eizenstat, U.S. undersecretary of State, appointed
last week to head the U.S. delegation to Kyoto. A skilled negotiator,
he has neither long-standing relationships with other negotiators
nor an in-depth knowledge of climate issues.

-- Sen. Chuck Hagel, R-Neb., an opponent of the administration's
global warming proposal. Last summer, he co-sponsored a resolution
calling for developing nations to be included in any treaty. An
earlier agreement exempts those nations. U.S. diplomats in Kyoto
will be in close contact with Hagel.

-- Tuiloma Neroni Slade, chairman of the Alliance of Small Island
States, a group of 42 countries that one day could be submerged
by rising seas if the planet continues to warm. Slade is lobbying
for emission cuts even tougher than those proposed by some environmental
groups.

-- Cornelia Quennet-Thilen, a veteran climate diplomat and official
in Germany's Ministry for Environment, Nature Conservation and
Reactor Safety. She will lead the German team and will be working
behind the scenes to broker a compromise between the USA, Europe
and Japan.

-- Luiz Gylvan Meira Filho, head of the Brazilian Space Agency.
He leads Brazil's delegation and is one of the most important
diplomats from the developing countries. Known as an innovative
thinker, he proposed a plan to help poor nations acquire low-emission
technology.

-- Raul Estrada-Oyuela, Argetina's ambassador to China and chairman
of a working group that has spent the past several years laboring
on a global-warming treaty. As a diplomat from a developing nation,
he is trusted by all the industrialized countries and is expected
to help move them toward agreement.


LOAD-DATE: December 01, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, John Gaps III, AP; PHOTO, B/W, Mike Fiala, AP

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              11 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 1, 1997, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Global warming treaty hanging in thin air

BYLINE: Traci Watson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 809 words

DATELINE: KYOTO, Japan


KYOTO, Japan -- Nearly every nation in the world wants a treaty
to slow global warming. But they all disagree on what the treaty
should say.

Europe wants strict limits on carbon dioxide emissions and other
pollutants that many scientists believe increase the rate of warming.
The United States wants less burdensome limits. Australia wants
a treaty with special exemptions for itself.


The developing countries want a treaty that would compensate them
for economic losses resulting from reducing emissions. Japan wants
a treaty that would forgive countries that didn't quite comply.

As the 10-day international meeting on global warming opens today,
the gulf between nations makes the prospect of a treaty seem more
unlikely than ever.

The meeting is aimed at producing a treaty on cutting emissions
from industrial and coal-burning power plants and automobiles.
Scientists who believe the emissions are aggravating global warming
also say the pollutants could lead to serious changes in weather
patterns.

More than 160 countries are participating in the talks. But any
treaty would require only the industrialized countries to make
major changes. None of the developing countries would be required
to restrict emissions, in part because restrictions would cripple
their economies.

The central dispute is between the United States and Europe.

The White House very much wants the talks to produce a treaty.
But the goals of the United States differ so substantially from
those of other nations that it may be impossible to find a compromise.
Many diplomats put the odds of achieving a treaty at only 50-50.

"Achieving success in Kyoto will be an extremely difficult challenge,"
acknowledges Undersecretary of State Stuart Eizenstat, head of
the U.S. negotiating team. "It's an extremely complex issue."

Global warming is the worldwide rise in temperature that started
in the 19th century. Most scientists say the warming is caused
in part by so-called greenhouse gases, which occur naturally but
also are emitted by cars, factories and power plants.

The gases linger in the atmosphere and prevent heat from escaping
the Earth. Some scientists say that as the Earth warms, weather
patterns will change, leading to more and stronger storms, droughts
and flooded coastlines. But others say no major changes will occur.

Many countries, including the United States, are holding firm
to wildly divergent positions on a host of key issues. These include
how much to reduce greenhouse gas emissions and whether to set
up a pollution-trading system.

The U.S. plan, proposed by President Clinton in October, would
reduce emissions of six greenhouse gases to 1990 levels for the
developed countries.

The so-called stabilization goal would be achieved from 2008 through
2010.

The U.S. team also is insisting on an emissions-trading scheme:
A country with high emissions would be able to buy pollution credits
from a country that already had reduced its emissions. Such a
trading system would lower the cost of reducing emissions.

But European nations, which with Japan are the other important
players in Kyoto, want countries to cut their emissions of three
gases to 15% below 1990 levels by 2010. And the Europeans are
balking on agreeing to a trading system.

European diplomats have indicated that they are not likely to
agree to a trading system unless the United States agrees to stricter
emission cutbacks.

But the United States is sounding equally stubborn. "The president
made his stabilization proposal after a great deal of consideration,"
Eizenstat said. "On a level-of-effort basis, this is a very reasonable
proposal."

In Kyoto, Eizenstat said, he hopes to convince the Europeans how
difficult it will be for the United States merely to stabilize
emissions at 1990 levels, much less reduce below 1990 levels.

Even if an agreement is reached, industry representatives and
environmentalists alike are troubled by what they say are major
flaws in the negotiations. Green groups and big business seldom
take the same side on anything, so their agreement shows the seriousness
of the issue.

One primary cause for concern, the groups say: The treaty will
lack teeth. Diplomats have decided not to worry about how the
treaty would be enforced. They're also not thinking about how
to monitor whether countries are complying.

Without monitoring and enforcement, opponents say, there's no
incentive for countries to obey the treaty, and no one to notice
if they cheat.

Still, such concerns will be moot if no agreement is reached.
And the United States, at least, is saying that it is willing
to leave Kyoto without a treaty.

"We want an agreement," Eizenstat says. But "we're not going
(to Kyoto) for an agreement at any cost."

LOAD-DATE: December 01, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Katsumi Kasahara, AP

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              22 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 1, 1997, Friday, FINAL EDITION

JOB HOPPING TAKES OFF Strong economy makes climate right to take risks

BYLINE: Ellen Neuborne

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1153 words


For Marguerite Maran-Fillmore, everything, including the economy,
tells her now is the time to start a new career.

In the past month, she has gone into business with a childhood
friend and launched a construction company, ChezMar Developing.
They are building their first home in suburban Cleveland and hope
to be developing whole neighborhoods in 1998.

"The economy is good, and people are affording things they couldn't
afford before," says Maran-Fillmore, the longtime owner and manager
of an assisted-living facility outside Cleveland. "This is the
time to do it."


Economic insecurity? Not anymore. Buoyed by the tight labor market
and growing economy, Americans are realizing they don't have to
cling to jobs or even careers out of fear. Thousands are hopping
jobs or shifting careers. The prediction that Americans would
change jobs as many as seven times in a career was greeted with
apprehension in the early '90s. In today's economy, it's starting
to sound almost irresistible.

"It is such a candidate-tight market now that if you want to
switch jobs, you can go ahead and do it," says Karen Bloomfield
of MRI Hiring Trends. "Today, the jobs are out chasing the candidates."

The number of workers leaving jobs voluntarily is up sharply from
last year, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. To economists,
that means workers are more willing to leave jobs because they
are more confident of finding new ones. In June 1996, 9.9% of
those counted on the unemployment rolls were classified as "job
leavers." That group grew to 12.2% in June.

Cross-country moves

James Schaefer moved this summer from San Francisco to take a
job as a drafter and designer at a New York City architecture
firm. "A couple of years ago, you couldn't find anything. Now
they come looking for you," he says. "I have a friend in this
business who quit his job to go and play piano in Europe for the
summer because he knows he can find work when he gets back."

For some workers in the hottest of job categories, such as those
requiring technical skills, worker demand means bypassing the
very hallmark of stability and good sense: the full-time job.

"This is not the time for a permanent job," says Ira Michael
Blonder, vice president of Sage Solutions, a staffing firm. "You'd
have to be out of your mind."

For workers with skills from high-level computer-program development
to what he calls "technical skills you don't have to be a rocket
scientist to learn," it's a job candidate's market. "For the
next three to five years, you want to move and change jobs, or
you'll just be leaving money on the table," Blonder says.

Confidence returning

Economic factors have created a tight labor market for the past
two years. But the aftershocks of the downsizing era of the early
'90s were so powerful, many employed workers simply sat tight.
They feared moving to a new job would put them at risk, as the
last hired, in the next round of cutbacks. A Career Confidence
Index survey of 1,000 full-time workers taken in July found 93%
were confident or highly confident about their job security and
career possibilities.

What has changed:

-- Unemployment just won't budge. When the Labor Department releases
employment figures for July today, economists predict the unemployment
rate will be 5%, unchanged from June and near a 24-year low. By
MRI's estimate, the rate of unemployment for those with a college
education is 2%. Employers are scrambling for all levels of workers
from entry-level restaurant employees to truck drivers to software
developers.

-- Technology makes job hunting easier. Economist David Kelly
recalls a depressing stretch in his post-college career when he
spent hours poring over newspaper classified ads, hoping to find
a job description that vaguely matched his skills. "It is a very
dispiriting, unorganized way for employee and employer to find
one another," he says.

But technology, particularly the Internet, has improved that process.
Employers can send news of job openings all over the world, not
just all over town. Job seekers can research firms and apply for
jobs on line. Services such as Branchout.com, an on-line community
devoted to networking, allows job seekers and employers to find
each other more efficiently.

-- Temping has become cool. The rise in popularity of staffing
services has allowed many workers to experiment in jobs and careers.
"It's an opportunity to explore with much less risk," says Carl
Camden of Kelly Services. "Instead of wondering whether or not
you might be happy in a different industry, you can give it a
try and decide with actual experience as your guide."

Evidence of job hopping turns up in individual stories and in
the parking lots of job fairs and new businesses. At the South
Carolina Expo for Teacher Recruitment in June, teachers from as
far away as New England showed up in hopes of moving to a warmer
climate.

Trading up

A new Toyota plant in Princeton, Ind., drew job seekers from Texas
and Wisconsin, as well as surrounding states. Many were employed
elsewhere but hoping to trade up for a job with a bigger company
and better benefits.

Few job hoppers cite the economy as a reason to change jobs, but
many admit it makes the move easier. Ron Richards left his job
as head of employee communications at Miller Brewing for a move
back to his first love: sports business. Now working at Championship
Auto Racing Teams, organizers of car races, he says his last job
move in 1989 hit more than one snag, thanks to the economy.

"That move was harder. It took years for us to sell the house
in Denver. It was a much more difficult process," he says. This
move from Milwaukee to Troy, Mich., was much smoother. "The house
is sold. The move is complete in a couple of months. It's a big
difference."

Companies can do something to stem the job-hopping tide, says
Iris Goldfein, vice chairman of human resources for Coopers &
Lybrand. "It's about more than money for many workers. You have
to be able to show your people what is in it for them in the long
run at your company," she says.

This includes offering clear career progressions that are ingrained
in company culture, not dependent on who is your boss at the time.
"No one can rely on the discretionary promises. It has to be
clear, if you perform in an outstanding way, this is what you
will be doing, this is what you will be earning," she says.

But while companies work to put those systems in place, employees
are enjoying their must-have status.

"We are in a seller's market, in terms of people like me selling
their services," says Greg Kagy, an auto analyst who shifted
in December from Lehman Bros. in New York to a vice president's
job at McDonald and Co. in Cleveland. "I don't have to settle
for stability."

LOAD-DATE: August 01, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, Color, Anthony Onchak for USA TODAY (2)

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              26 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 29, 1997, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Executives push family agenda Meeting needs can retain talent

BYLINE: Dottie Enrico; Stephanie Armour

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 827 words


Ogilvy & Mather chief executive Shelly Lazarus was once asked
to forgo a family ski trip to attend a worldwide board meeting
in Paris. She refused.

"People were horrified," she says.

She ended up with a compromise, but she still kept her family
first.


"I took the family to Paris for vacation, attended the board
meeting, then took everybody to visit (ad agency founder) David
Ogilvy at his chateau later in the trip."

Despite the stereotypes, there are some high-ranking executives
-- both men and women -- who are refusing to sacrifice family
for career. And those executives are setting standards for employees
who are grappling with the same demands.

Management experts say that may be exactly what it takes -- for
top executives to step forward as role models -- to change the
career-climbing climate that drives some to quit.

"The corporate culture is determined at the top," says Randall
Buerkle, an organizational development expert.

"The more progressive organizations really have an empathy for
the family," Buerkle says. "I think we'll see more and more
of that."

Lazarus, for example, says she believes that empowering employees
to speak up about their personal and professional needs can be
a hidden asset for any company worried about holding onto talented
performers.

Pepsi-Cola North America CEO Brenda Barnes spotlighted the problem
last week when she resigned her post to focus on family.

Though Barnes said she was tired of missing school plays and family
time, others have refused to fall into that trap.

Ellen Kullman, a vice president and general manager at DuPont
in Wilmington, Del., shuffles her work schedule to meet family
demands, taking time away from the office as needed.

"I think people are afraid to use the more flexible programs,"
Kullman says. "When they see me do it, they feel it's OK for
them, too. I'm not apologetic."

Other examples:

-- Mike Cook, chairman of Deloitte & Touche, watched in horror
as top-performing women left the firm at a dramatically higher
rate than men. Five years ago he set up a task force to find out
why.

He discovered that having flex-time and job-sharing programs available
wasn't enough. Cook says management attitudes, not just behavior,
had to change so that workers could feel their careers wouldn't
be stalled because they wanted time for personal pursuits.

"I always used to tell my secretary to tell callers I was in
a client meeting if I left the office early to spend time with
my family," he says. "Think of the message that sends.

"Every employee needs to believe that he or she can have a life
outside of the office without feeling like it looks unprofessional,"
he adds.

-- Karen Sones, a vice president at First Tennessee Bank in Memphis,
works at home one or more days a week. Other employees have asked
her advice on how to set up similar arrangements.

"It's part of the culture," Sones says. "It's talked about
enough that employees are not afraid to ask for the time. They've
seen others do it."

-- Carol Buchanan moved about four years ago to Sonoma County,
Calif., with the hope she could work at home. Her employer, Right
Management Consultants, agreed.

"It's been four years, and this has been a gift," says Buchanan,
a vice president and consultant.

Some change already is taking place, as more companies adopt --
and use -- family-friendly policies.

More than 50% of large companies allow working from home, and
50% allow job sharing, based on a 1997 survey of 519 companies
by Watson Wyatt, a human resources consulting firm.

Despite some change, other reports show many employees yearn to
take a leap like Barnes'. A study this month from Lutheran Brotherhood
showed 32% of people polled would give up their lifestyle in exchange
for a simpler one with less pay.

The trick is how to do both.

"All of us have to start putting results and performance first,"
says Steve Groot, president of the Allstate Indemnity, which has
more than 500 employees. "The time has passed where we give undue
credit to window-dressing like working during vacations and spending
long hours in the office."


Working Mother magazine's best companies for
mothers

(in alphabetical order)

Allstate Insurance

Barnett Banks

Fel-Pro

Glaxo Wellcome

IBM

Johnson & Johnson

Merck

NationsBank

SAS Institute

Xerox

Business Week's Top S&P 500 Family-Friendly
Companies (1)

(in order of rankings)

MBNA America

Motorola

Barnett Banks

Hewlett-Packard

Unum

Lincoln National

Merrill Lynch

DuPont

TRW

Cigna

Lucent Technologies

ITT Hartford

Amgen

Texas Instruments

Rockwell International

Marriott International

First Chicago NBD

Baxter International

Medtronic

Autodesk

Source: 'Business Week' Sept. 15, 1997, issue.

1 - Publicly traded, in Standard & Poor's 500 index

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, AP

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              27 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 23, 1997, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Emissions plan under fire Clinton global warming proposal pleases no one

BYLINE: Traci Watson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 400 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Environmentalists, members of Congress, business
groups and even some U.S. allies rushed Wednesday to attack President
Clinton's plan to combat global warming almost as soon as it was
announced.

-- Environmentalists said the plan doesn't do enough to lower
production of greenhouse gases, the pollutants that many scientists
think hasten global warming by trapping heat in the atmosphere.

"The plan . . . fails to protect our children," said Carl Pope,
president of the Sierra Club.


-- Industry leaders said the economy would be disrupted.

"It's a flawed plan and it won't work," said William O'Keefe,
chairman of the Global Climate Coalition, an industry lobbying
group. He said the plan would lead to an energy tax, driving up
fuel prices.

-- Legislators complained developing nations wouldn't be required
to cut pollutants.

"If (the president) brings this treaty to the Senate, it'll be
very embarrassing for him and his administration," said Sen.
Charles Hagel, R-Neb. The Senate must ratify any agreement.

Clinton would limit emissions of greenhouse gases by 2010 to the
same level as 1990, or 3.3 billion tons a year.

The current total emissions by industrialized nations is 3.5 billion
tons per year. Most of that is carbon dioxide created when fossil
fuels are burned.

By contrast, the European nations are fighting for a target of
2.8 billion tons of greenhouse gases a year by 2010; Japan has
proposed a target of 3.1 billion tons a year by 2010.

Hugo Paemen, ambassador to the USA for the European Union, said
it would be difficult to reconcile the U.S. and European proposals
before December when final treaty talks begin in Kyoto, Japan.
Talks already are under way in Germany to draft that agreement.

Clinton's plan also calls for spending $ 5 billion over 5 years
on energy-efficient technology and renewable energy sources such
as solar power.

The plan promises incentives for companies that cut emissions
before 2008 and allows sales of pollution credits by companies
below emission limits to firms unable to meet the standards.

Some groups, such as the Environmental Defense Fund, praised the
plan as a good starting point. And Jerry Mahlman, a climate expert
at Princeton University said the president's plan, if adopted
by the entire world, would prevent the most dire climate scenarios.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              30 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  December 10, 1997, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

The climate's global reach Boonville miners fear they'll soon 'be out of a job'

BYLINE: Paul Hoversten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1342 words

DATELINE: BOONVILLE, Ind.


BOONVILLE, Ind. -- It was coal that brought bounty to Boonville
as generations of miners scraped the rich deposits from underground.
It's global warming that could bring hard times.

By the time a young Abraham Lincoln came here in the 1830s to
learn law, the first coal mine had already been dug in southern
Indiana. And by the turn of the century, coal was a steady source
of income for the town and the rest of Warrick County.


But what has been the boon to Boonville is a scourge to nations
negotiating a worldwide treaty on global warming in Kyoto, Japan.

Coal supplies more than 55% of the electrical power in the United
States and 25% worldwide. But when it is burned, it releases carbon
dioxide, the main culprit in the buildup of so-called greenhouse
gases that trap heat in the atmosphere. The fear here is that
the Kyoto talks will bring a huge drop in the use of coal.

Entire families in this county have staked their fortunes on the
brittle black substance. Boonville rose from a quiet settlement
to become the biggest coal-producing region in Indiana. Last year,
area strip mines shipped 4.83 million tons of coal. About 90%
of Boonville's 7,100 residents claim a relative who worked, or
still works, in mining.

Though the county's unemployment rate is only 3.7%, Boonville
depends on the miners' salaries, which average about $ 40,000 a
year, for its tax base. As it is, Boonville's median income of
$ 25,700 is about $ 3,000 below that for the state of Indiana.

If coal burning is cut as a result of the Kyoto talks, "it's
going to be devastating to a lot of people," says James Wood
as he works the controls of a gargantuan coal shovel at a mine
nine miles north of Boonville.

A miner for 32 years and a scoop operator for the Peabody Coal
Co. the past five, Wood blames "global politics and big business"
for the fix that towns like Boonville are in.

First, the 1990 Clean Air Act amendments restricted the use of
coal that is high in sulfur. That had nothing to do with global
warming. It was an attempt to address the problem of air pollution
by cutting the amount of sulfur and nitrogen oxides released when
coal is burned.

The Clean Air Act amendments forced utilities to make a choice.
They could burn high-sulfur coal -- the kind mined around Boonville
and the rest of the Midwest -- and add costly smokestack scrubbers
to trap the sulfur. Or they could switch to the cleaner burning
coal from Western mines. Many switched, and that drove scores
of Midwestern mines out of business.

Now miners worry a Kyoto treaty could close the rest of the mines
by forcing power plants and other coal burners to reduce carbon
dioxide emissions by cutting back on coal.

Few alternatives

Environmentalists have long been pushing for such a change, saying
the USA should turn to so-called renewable energy sources such
as wind, solar and water power. But for the foreseeable future,
the nation will continue using coal, energy experts say, simply
because no other substitute is as affordable and available.

Nuclear energy is too unpopular. Natural gas is abundant, but
it would be prohibitively expensive for many coal-burning power
plants to switch. The renewable sources are not practical for
power generation on a national scale, they say.

"We're not convinced that it's either coal or no coal," says
Bob Porter of the U.S. Energy Department. "The key is to use
it smarter."

No technology yet exists to remove carbon dioxide from coal. But
coal-burning power plants also are notoriously inefficient, wasting
two-thirds of their energy in producing electricity. If that energy
can be used, the argument goes, then the plants would need less
coal to do the job. Less coal would mean less carbon dioxide.
And fewer mining jobs.

The USA is the world's biggest coal producer, with an estimated
4 trillion tons in reserve. U.S. coal production has been steadily
increasing since 1994, with more than 1 billion tons mined each
year. Last year, more coal was mined, 1.06 billion tons, than
ever before.

Despite all that digging, mining officials expect U.S. coal reserves
to last more than 250 years.

They could last a lot longer, depending on the fallout from the
global warming talks.

A 17-story-high miner

The excavating machine that miner Wood uses at the Peabody Coal
Co.'s mine in Lynnville, Ind., looks a little like an oil rig
on treads.

Called the Marion 5900, it is the biggest operating coal shovel
in North America. Built by the same company in Marion, Ohio, that
makes the crawler-transporter for NASA's space shuttle, it stands
17 stories tall and weighs 7,000 tons.

Two pairs of cars easily could fit piggyback inside the shovel's
steel bucket, with room to spare. With a single sweep, the bucket
can move 112 cubic yards of dirt, enough to fill 18 typical dump
trucks.

Three shifts of men run the shovel around the clock, cutting a
60-foot-deep gorge between thick groves of oak, maple and hickory
trees.

From his glassed-in perch 50 feet above the ground, Wood grips
a lever and rams the yawning bucket into a wall of dirt and rock
in front of him. Then he retracts the bucket and pivots to dump
it on the canyon sides.

Beneath the shovel's treads, laid out like a blacktop highway,
lies a shimmering layer of coal. It will be scooped up by bulldozers,
loaded into earthmover trucks and hauled off to a 3-mile-long
conveyor belt connected to the processing plant.

Wood, a strapping 6-foot-4, 225-pound former Army paratrooper,
turned down a football scholarship at the University of Louisville
after high school. Now 54, Wood says he'll probably retire rather
than take up a different career if the mine cuts back as a result
of a global warming agreement. 'I've been around a mine all my
life," he says, swinging the scoop back for another run. "We're
the last of a dying breed."

Bill Neff, 45, a welder at the mine and president of the local
United Mine Workers chapter, says too many of his neighbors in
Boonville are blind to the potential fallout.

"Most people would rather ignore what's going on," Neff says.
"But where there's pain at one place there's pain at another."
And if a Kyoto treaty is eventually ratified, he says, "no ifs,
ands or buts, we're out of a job."

Without the miners, "communities such as ours are going to be
little ghost towns," says Boonville Mayor Pam Hendrickson, whose
corner office faces the turn-of-the-century, yellow-brick county
courthouse.

A few doors down, barber Dave Forbey is making the last snips
on another haircut. A third-generation miner, Forbey was laid
off two years ago at age 49 and went to school to become a barber.

"I love this. I wish I'd got into it in my 20s," he says. "I
only have to work five days a week and it's clean in here."

Lining the walls of his shop are hunters caps and baseball caps
from the miner's union along with a sign "No shaves." Mounted
elk and deer antlers hang proudly in one corner. Haircuts are
$ 8. A good week can bring $ 500.

But Forbey can sense hard times ahead. "When coal was king we
had 17 barbers in town. Now we're down to three," he says.

On the square, another former miner, Steve Cummings, is running
Victoria's Tea Room above his wife's quilt shop in an 1850s-era
building.

Cummings, 47, was laid off in 1994 after 25 years when his mine
was bought out by another company. He decided to open a shop serving
homemade soups, salads and breads.

But miners like Forbey and Cummings are the exception, Neff says.
Many would be unable to find new careers because of their age.
The average miner in the county is 48.

"If they put this treaty into effect in this country, coal miners
and working folks will be screwed," says Indiana state Rep. Russ
Stillwell, a Democrat and former miner whose district includes
Boonville.

"The Clean Air Act amendments put the nail on the coffin. Kyoto
is when they hammer it shut."

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, USA TODAY(Map); PHOTO, Color, H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY;
PHOTO, B/W, H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              34 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 12, 1997, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Vacation slip-sliding away Firms today less willing to pay for play

BYLINE: Ellen Neuborne

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1220 words


Forget about that week at the beach this summer. You'll be working.

As if downsizing wasn't enough, a new indignity is being visited
on the American workforce: Vacation time is shrinking.

Employers may offer a menu of New Age benefits ranging from comp
time to profit-sharing to 401(k) plans. But nationally, the average
amount of vacation time a worker receives is down and has been
slipping since 1980.


Workers typically aren't being asked to give back vacation time.
But if you change jobs or your company gets a new owner, be prepared
for the new benefits package to offer less fun in the sun.

A new study by Primark Decision Economics shows the average U.S.
worker gets 11.37 days a year in paid vacation, a steady decline
from 12.17 days in 1987. Private-sector employees must work an
average of 23.9 days to earn one day of paid vacation vs. working
22.4 days for the same benefit in 1987. And in this era of intense
corporate competition, the trend is expected to worsen.

"The days of the month-long July shutdown are long gone," says
management consultant Randall Buerkle of Flagship Consulting.
"We have to boost our productivity, and we know it."

Workplace psychologists warn that shrinking vacation time is a
recipe for a national case of job burnout. But the reality of
competitive pressures facing domestic and global companies means
employers must cut every possible cost. Everything from health
care benefits to free parking has already met the ax. Vacation
time won't escape.

At Los Alamos National Laboratory in New Mexico, vacation time
met leaner, meaner days in 1992. That's when a new contract was
signed between the Department of Energy, which owns the lab, and
the University of California, which staffs it. Workers hired before
December 1992 earn two days of paid vacation for every month worked.
Those hired after the contract took effect accrue 1.5 days of
vacation per month. Of the 6,800 employees, 470 are under the
new vacation rules.

"This was one of the ways we could decrease the cost of doing
business and become more efficient," says spokesman William Heimbach.

The policy hasn't hurt the lab's ability to recruit talent, he
says: "People are still standing in line to work here."

Controlling vacation costs

Small-business owner Mark Bradford offers five unpaid personal
days to employees in their first year. But you need to get into
Year 2 working at his South Bend, Ind., computer store before
you see any actual paid vacation days.

"This may seem like a cliche, but life is not as easy as it used
to be," he says. "Paying people for not working costs me. Costs
have to be controlled somehow."

Why vacation is shrinking:

-- New companies. Though many companies are renegotiating their
benefits with workers, the bulk of the shrinking vacation phenomenon
comes from the rush of companies entering the economy, says David
Kelly, economist and author of the Primark study. Young companies
offer less generous vacation benefits than their corporate elders.
"This is a dynamic economy with many old firms dropping out and
new firms coming in with new ways of doing business," Kelly says.

CEO Jim McCann of 1-800-Flowers says many of his younger workers
are more interested in cash compensation and continuous training
than in a few extra days off. "The goals of the workforce are
different. I can't say I offer lifetime employment -- nobody can.
But I can say that I will invest in you, and I will work to keep
this company growing and its brand name known," he says. "For
today's workers, the skills you possess and the status of the
company you came from mean more than benefits our parents used
to care about."

-- Insecure workers. Economists know the real reason employers
can offer less vacation time without inciting riots. It's the
same trend that has kept wages low and raises meager. worker insecurity.

After the trauma of downsizing, which axed hundreds of thousands
of workers from what they thought were secure middle-management
jobs, the benefit of being employed exceeds the benefit of a fishing
trip. "Employers have the clout to do it," Buerkle says.

Coping with less vacation

One way companies can help workers cope with less vacation is
opening the work day to more spur-of-the-moment relaxation, says
Bruce Tulgan, author of Managing Generation X.

"The real story is not the death of vacation time but how the
boundaries between work and home have dissolved," he says. "You
may go to Microsoft and see a half-dozen programmers playing soccer
behind the building at 3 in the afternoon. And those are the guys
up all night at the office developing software. That's the trade-off."

But not all workers are interested in making the trade-off. Rick
Bloomfield, 34, a manufacturer's representative in Minneapolis,
says replacing vacation time with something that happens inside
the four walls of the office doesn't sound like much of a deal.
"I'm not sure it would fly around here."

Having suffered through another cold, snowy winter, Bloomfield
is ready to have some fun somewhere outside of Minnesota. "In
this climate, you need a vacation -- a real vacation, where you
leave the area and go someplace warm," he says.

But if that's not possible, companies that have decided to limit
vacation should look for ways to let employees have some fun at
work, says Matt Weinstein, management consultant and author of
Managing to Have Fun.

"If every time you see someone having fun at work, you say, 'Hey!
That guy is goofing off,' and you quash it, then everyone in your
company is going to look forward to vacation time as a way to
get away and have some fun," he says. "If you let them have
a little fun at work, they can better handle the pressures of
the job and won't be as in need of a break from you."

Not all bosses are convinced that less vacation time for workers
would improve the bottom line. Doug Brush, CEO of Sentry in Rochester,
N.Y., says the vacation policy for his 700 workers has remained
constant, and he has no plans to change it. Tinkering with vacation
would be very unpopular, he says. "I'd want to be out of town
the day that announcement was made," he says.

Beyond unpopular, the whole concept is dangerous, says industrial
psychologist Jack Jones. Cutting vacation time creates more opportunity
for repetitive stress injuries and puts more stress on the already
stretched two-income family with children.

"You are encouraging workaholism. You are actually endorsing
the idea that time off is bad. It is counterproductive," Jones
says.

Breeding work addiction may sound like a good idea to productivity-minded
managers, but in the long run, the worker with no down time is
less good to the company. "The progressive company is one that
wants workers who can relax and drive hard in the proper time
slots," he says. "If we make off with the vacation time slot,
what message are we sending?"

But Bradford, the Indiana computer-store owner, says he doesn't
have time to worry about messages. "Think of it this way: If
my costs make it impossible to stay in business, my employees
won't have a job at all. That's the mindset a business has to
have today."

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Suzy Parker, USA TODAY, Source: Bureau of Labor
Statistics, Primark Decision Economics (Line graph, Illustration)

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              35 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 31, 1997, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Opportunity exists for Army in sex scandals

BYLINE: Jill Nelson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13A; Commentary

LENGTH: 520 words


The disclosure on Tuesday that yet another instructor at the Army's
Aberdeen Proving Ground has been accused of indecent assault points
out once again the systemic nature of sexual harassment and violence
toward women. Over the past few months, events in Maryland have
spun from a lone accuser to five men facing courts-martial.

It's both ironic and horrifying that women who enlist in the armed
services, motivated in large part by an interest in defending
their country against foreign enemies and invasion, now find themselves
having to defend against their own physical assault by instructors
and co-workers. Too often, the only thing being invaded and defended
is their own bodies.


For those who doubt the pervasive nature of sexual harassment
and violence toward women, the situation in the armed forces,
and not only at Aberdeen, should put those doubts to rest. Since
the first allegations of harassment and rape were revealed in
early November, the Army set up a hot line which women could call
with similar complaints. By the end of November, it had received
over 6,000 calls on incidents going back to World War II. One-sixth
of those complaints are currently under investigation.

Several weeks ago, two female students at the previously all-male
Citadel announced they were leaving because they were harassed
and felt unsafe on campus. Last week, a West Point cadet was acquitted
of all charges after being accused of raping a female cadet. Almost
as disturbing as the rape charge was testimony about rampant alcohol
abuse on campus. At West Point, Aberdeen and in society in general,
liquor, the great uninhibitor, often plays a crucial role in violence
against women. The attitude that the armed forces, those in training
to enter the armed forces, and men in general belong to a macho
fraternity in which liquor and sexual violence are an unavoidable
and understandable outgrowth of their maleness is unacceptable.

As the largest branch of the armed forces, with 495,000 soldiers
and 259,000 civilian employees, how the Army handles both existing
complaints of harassment and assaults on women and what measures
it institutes to prevent such future problems can change the face
not only of the Army but, in ripple effect, American society.
The current scandal provides an opportunity for the Army, other
branches of the armed forces and, most significantly, the federal
government to state unequivocally that violence against women
will not be tolerated. Swift and decisive action must be taken
not only against male recruits, but also those who either through
acquiescence or studied ignorance create a climate in which some
commanding officers apparently feel that female recruits function
not only as soldiers, but also as sexual playthings.

If things do not change and the Army returns to "normal," the
example of Jessica Bleckley, the soldier who first spoke out in
November about sexual harassment, will mean nothing. Unable to
be all she could be, last week Bleckley left the Army.

Jill Nelson is author of Volunteer Slavery.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              37 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    April 23, 1997, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Boomers beware: Estate tax now not just for the rich

BYLINE: Norman Ornstein

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 949 words


My father was a traveling salesman. He did not make a lot of money
in his lifetime, but he did manage to accumulate a small nest
egg he was proud to bequeath to his three children when he died
a decade ago. It was an amount for each about equivalent to the
purchase price of a small economy car. At that time, for him and
most of his generation, the notion of an estate was a notable
accomplishment; the idea that there might be personal estate taxes
was almost laughable. Estate taxes were for the super-rich, not
for the average middle-class guy.

The estate-tax concept, as one of society's major ways to target
the rich and to prevent the accumulation of most of its wealth
in a few hands, has been a venerable one in America. It has resonated
with most voters; after all, the current estate tax kicks in only
at the $ 600,000 level or $ 1.2 million for a couple and takes its
biggest bite at the rarefied level of $ 3 million and above. Add
in additional breaks for capital gains and it would seem to only
target the Rolls Royce set.


But the world has changed for the generation that followed my
dad's. And as a result, the current drive to reduce estate taxes
has struck a chord with more than a few wealthy conservative Republicans.
Lawmakers who resist it, including Democrats, will do so at their
peril.

The root of the change in political climate comes from the dramatically
different economic circumstances of baby boomers, including those
in their 40s who are now in their peak earning years and those
in their 50s now planning for retirement, and from the perverse
cumulative effect of several taxes, including those on retirement
income, that can make the tax on a lifetime of savings approach
90% or more.

The fact is that a large swath of middle-age, middle-class people
in America own their own homes, have savings building in pension
plans like 401(k)s and IRAs, and in many cases have small businesses
or professional offices. But you don't have to be a doctor, lawyer
or entrepreneur to have accumulated a sizable nest egg in contemporary
America. Many mid-level homes purchased for a song in the '60s
are worth several hundreds of thousands of dollars now. People
with pension plans invested in the stock market -- including,
say, a lot of college teachers under their TIAA/CREF, the nation's
largest pension plan -- have ridden the boom and built up impressive
retirement nest eggs.

While just under 2% of estates pay taxes now, when baby boomers
start to retire, their savings will total in the many trillions,
and $ 600,000 estates will be almost commonplace. If the current
system stays in place, a lot more people than the Rockefellers
and Mellons will feel the heavy bite.

The major element of that bite is the estate tax itself, which
moves quickly up over 50%. But consider two additional lesser-known
effects. In most pension plans -- such as 401ks or Keoughs --
contributions are in pre-tax dollars and earnings accumulate untaxed
until retirement, and are then taxed as income as one withdraws
them to live on. But what happens to the assets in the retirement
plan that are still there when the retiree dies? They are taxed
at income tax rates -- but with much of the tax burden added
on to the estate tax if the estate is over the $ 600,000 level!

That's not all. If too much money has accumulated and not been
spent in retirement, the IRS can levy an additional 15% "excess
accumulation" tax on them -- making the combined tax 90% or even
more!

Of course, we are still talking about a minority of Americans;
most people will not come close to building assets of $ 500,000
or more in their lifetimes. But neither are we dealing only with
the Forbes 400. The numbers of people with assets large enough
to be affected by estate taxes will certainly swell into the millions
over the next decade or two.

That means a slew of articulate, politically active middle-class
voters, proud that they have built up assets by saving and investing,
will be faced with the prospect that all they have sacrificed
to accumulate may be virtually confiscated. They heeded the rules
and norms -- saving, not spending. Their reward is to have it
snatched away before their kids can touch it. These are not people
who consider themselves rich. They will not be happy that politicians
have labeled them as such.

Beyond the changing politics of wealth accumulation, estate taxes
need rethinking for other reasons. The fact is that they have
not done what they were intended to do: prevent the handful of
superwealthy from concentrating their gains even more in a small
elite. The very wealthy have found many ways to reduce or avoid
confiscatory estate taxes, often by spending instead of investing,
or investing in less productive areas just to avoid the taxes.
The estate tax has been as big a boon for estate-tax lawyers as
the pre-1986 loophole-filled income tax code was to crafty accountants.

Many Western countries are doing away with estate taxes altogether,
a course advocated by Speaker Newt Gingrich. America won't do
that; an estate tax at least makes a statement about our values
and our desire to prevent too much concentration of wealth and
power. But we surely can change a set of levies that ends up punishing
savings and investment and soon will punish middle-class success.
Politicians who resist that logic might find voters who usually
don't mind hitting the rich joining the barricades against them.

Norman Ornstein is a senior resident scholar at the American
Enterprise Institute and a member of USA TODAY's board of contributors.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Sam Ward, USA TODAY(Illustration)

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              47 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 31, 1997, Friday, FIRST EDITION

Impasse puts deep freeze on global warming talks

BYLINE: Traci Watson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 257 words


Negotiations on an international treaty to combat global warming
are deadlocked. Diplomats are refusing to budge from wildly varying
positions.

The talks in Bonn, Germany, are to end today. Diplomats have made
little progress, people who have sat in on treaty sessions say.
The Bonn talks are the last formal negotiations before a meeting
in Kyoto, Japan, in December where more than 160 nations are supposed
to put the finishing touches on the pact and sign it.

But the impasse in Bonn makes an agreement in Kyoto less likely.

"There's been zero movement," said Kelly Simms, an activist
with Ozone Action, a U.S. environmental group, which has been
in Bonn for the talks. "Right now, everyone's heels are dug in."

Many scientists say global warming is caused in part by so-called
greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide. The gases, which are
emitted by factories, power plants and cars, trap heat near the
Earth.

The European nations want industrialized countries to cut greenhouse
gas emissions to 15% below the 1990 emission level by 2010. The
developing countries support a similar plan. But President Clinton's
plan cuts emissions only to the 1990 level. And he says that level
should be reached from 2008 through 2012. In 1990, industrialized
nations' emissions were 3.3 billion tons.

The Europeans may be willing to compromise if the United States
agrees to some reduction below 1990 levels. The U.S. delegation
has refused, though some environmentalists say that could change
in Kyoto.

LOAD-DATE: November 03, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              51 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 8, 1997, Monday, FIRST EDITION

Gore: U.S. will compromise At global warming meeting, a focus on reasonable
limits

BYLINE: Traci Watson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 491 words

DATELINE: KYOTO, Japan


KYOTO, Japan -- Vice President Gore announced today that U.S.
negotiators will be allowed to compromise as they try to hammer
out a treaty on global warming, raising hopes that such a treaty
will be achieved at talks here.

"I am instructing our negotiators right now to show increased
negotiating flexibility," Gore told delegates from nearly 170
countries. President Clinton approved the move, he said.


Gore said he'll also request that U.S. representatives work toward
a treaty that put reasonable limits on pollutants thought to speed
global warming. Also necessary, Gore said: a trading system that
would allow countries to buy and sell the right to emit certain
types of pollutants.

Also, British Deputy Prime Minister John Prescott announced Sunday
that the European nations would also be willing to compromise
on the size of pollution limits.

Most scientists agree that the rise in temperature experienced
by the Earth in the past 150 years is caused in part by greenhouse
gases. These pollutants -- created by factories, vehicles and
power plants -- rise into the atmosphere and trap heat next to
the planet.

Until now, negotiations had effectively stalled since the talks
began here on Dec. 1, because of the varying goals of the negotiating
nations.

The USA has been arguing for a treaty that places relatively modest
limits on greenhouse gases. In October, President Clinton proposed
that nations cut their emissions to 1990 levels during the period
from 2008 through 2012. The European nations, however, were pressing
for cuts 15% below 1990 levels by 2010.

The USA was also demanding that the treaty allow developing countries
to sign up for emission limits. Currently, the draft treaty applies
only to industrialized countries because a previous treaty exempts
developing nations from any mandatory emission limits.

Judging from Gore's statement, the USA does not seem to have budged
on the developing-country requirements.

But several developing countries have signaled that they would
be more willing to sign on to limits themselves if the industrialized
world committed itself to significant cutbacks in greenhouse gases.

Environmentalists reacted with delight. "This represents a real
breakthrough and adds momentum to the talks," said Alden Meyer,
director of government relations for the Union of Concerned Scientists.

Industry leaders were less pleased. "I hope this (flexibility)
is not a code word for economic surrender and the administration's
agreement to anything," said William O'Keefe, chairman of the
Global Climate Coalition, one of the most hard-line industry groups.

A key senator also expressed his displeasure. "Instead of asking
for binding commitments from developing nations, he offered grand
rhetoric on global understanding," said Sen. Chuck Hagel, R-Neb.,
the chairman of a Senate committee crucial to ratifying any treaty.

LOAD-DATE: December 08, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              53 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  December 17, 1997, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Clinton: Iraqi crisis far from over Saddam using his people as 'a card'

BYLINE: Susan Page

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 1083 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- President Clinton called Iraqi President Saddam
Hussein both "clever crazy" and "maddeningly stupid" Tuesday
in continuing to defy U.N. weapons inspections.

Clinton said Baghdad and the United Nations remain on a dangerous
collision course. "I wouldn't rule anything out," he said at
a press conference.

He accused Saddam of seeing "the suffering of the Iraqi people"
as "a card he could play" to win an easing of economic sanctions,
adding: "I think he badly miscalculated."


The head of the U.N. inspection team, Richard Butler, ended a
trip to Iraq on Tuesday saying he had been informed the inspectors
would never be allowed to inspect sites classified as "presidential."
Butler is expected to report to the U.N. Security Council on Thursday.

Clinton fielded 30 questions, more than half of them on foreign
policy, during a record 92-minute press conference.

U.S. troops in Bosnia

Before he leaves Sunday for Bosnia, Clinton said, he would announce
his decision on whether to extend the mission of U.S. troops serving
as part of a NATO peacekeeping force there. The troops, deployed
in December 1995, were initially supposed to be home by the end
of 1996, then by next June.

Clinton is expected to order another U.S. deployment. He'll deliver
Christmas greetings to the troops in a one-day visit.

"Let me point out that after four years of the bloodiest war
in Europe since World War II, we've had 23 months of peace,"
he said.

Relations with Iran

Clinton offered Iran an "honest" dialogue in comments that may
presage warmer relations. The White House wants to capitalize
on conciliatory remarks Sunday by Iranian President Mohammed Khatami.

"We are all of us discussing how to proceed now," Clinton said.
"No decision has been made. But I have always said, from the
beginning, that I thought it was tragic that the United States
was separated from the people of Iran."

He said any talks would have to deal with three fundamental issues:
Iran's support of terrorism, its opposition to Israeli-Palestinian
peace agreements and its attempts to develop weapons of mass destruction.

But he said the USA wouldn't ask Iran to change its attitude toward
the peace process.

U.S.-Israeli relations

Clinton denied snubbing Israeli President Benjamin Netanyahu when
he chose not to meet him when the Israeli leader visited the United
States last month, saying the two leaders would meet early next
year. In Netanyahu's 18 months in office, Clinton said, they have
met five times.

"You never heard . . . me say anything about some sort of calculated
decision to snub the people of Israel or the government of Israel,"
Clinton said.

Netanyahu had described Clinton's decision as a slight, calling
it "unbecoming."

The race initiative

Clinton defended his initiative on race relations from criticism
that it lacks focus and bristled when a reporter called his recent
town hall meeting in Akron "little more than presidential Oprah."

"That may be your editorial comment," Clinton replied. Told
that his own aides had criticized the initiative, Clinton demanded,
"Name one, just one. Give me a name."

He said the initiative was "taking shape" and added, "I think
you will see better results as we go forward."

Clinton discussed at length efforts to address past discrimination,
saying voters' views were often shaped by whether the programs
were called "affirmative action" or "racial preferences."

"It's a question of which label wins," he said.

He also said he was looking forward to a White House meeting Friday
with conservatives, many of whom oppose affirmative action. The
session was scheduled to counter criticism that the initiative
wasn't hearing diverse viewpoints.

Tax cuts and reform

Clinton was skeptical of Republican enthusiasm for tax cuts next
year, saying that efforts to balance the budget aren't done yet.
"A lot of tax cuts . . . might be desirable, but how would you
pay for them?" he asked. But he said he was open to the idea
of tax reform if the proposal was fiscally responsible, fair,
simpler and good for the economy.

"Any proposals that meet those criteria, I think I am duty-bound
to consider supporting," he said. Republicans say their congressional
agenda next year will include tax reform.


EXCERPTS FROM PRESS CONFERENCE

Excerpts from President Clinton's press conference:

On Asia's financial crisis: A significant part of our growth
comes from our ability to sell to others around the world, including
in Asia. And so, it is very much in our interest to do what we
can to support the Asian economies as they work to weather this
crisis.

On Iraq: Saddam Hussein has been in defiance of the United
Nations since the end of the Gulf War. That's why we have a system
of sanctions on him. And I am willing to maintain the sanctions
as long as he does not comply with the resolutions. If you're
asking me, are there other options that I might consider taking
under certain circumstances, I wouldn't rule out anything. I never
have, and I won't.

On affirmative action: What I would like to see done is
to move beyond the "I'm for it and you're against it" stage
to a more sophisticated and ultimately more meaningful debate
to the American people.

On the federal budget: It's important that the American
people understand we don't have a surplus yet . . . This economy
is the strongest it's been in a generation because of the discipline
that we've been able to bring to the task of bringing the deficit
down and getting our house in order. We should not lightly abandon
that discipline.

On tax reform: Should the tax code be simplified? And should
the system work better for ordinary Americans? On an elemental
level, of course it should . . . I would not rule out a further
substantial action to simplify the tax code.

On the next three years: Now is a time that we should be
looking at the long-term problems of the country, the long-term
challenges. That's why this environmental issue of climate change
is so important . . . That's why the education issues and setting
up excellence and lifetime learning are so important . . . That's
why it's important to deal with the entitlements challenge, because
we have to honor the good that has been done by Social Security
and Medicare for retirees . . . and do it in a way that doesn't
bankrupt their children when we. . . retire.

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Tim Dillon, USA TODAY

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              57 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 14, 1997, Friday, FIRST EDITION

Clouds kept old Mars warm Greenhouse effect allowed surface water

BYLINE: Paul Hoversten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 209 words


Researchers believe they have figured how Mars, today a frozen
rock with daily temperatures plunging to -100 F, once was warm
enough to have liquid water on its surface.

In today's issue of Science, two scientists say that early
in Mars' history, about 31/2 billion years ago, thick clouds of
carbon dioxide ice kept the planet warm enough to stay wet.

The clouds trapped sunlight and converted the light to heat, warming
Mars enough that water flowed over it and creating an environment
that could have sustained life.

"The conditions on early Mars were a little like the conditions
at the bottom of the ocean," says one of the authors, Raymond
Pierrehumbert, of the University of Chicago.

Photos from the 1970s Viking missions and more recent pictures
from Mars Pathfinder and Global Surveyor clearly show ancient
water channels. The spacecraft also have recorded trace amounts
of carbon dioxide in Mars' atmosphere.

Pierrehumbert and French climatologist Francois Forget used computer
models and lab experiments.

The finding "helps to confirm that early Mars may have had a
very lush, aqueous environment that could have been conducive
to life," says Steve Maran, of the American Astronomical Society.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              59 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     January 6, 1997, Monday, FINAL EDITION

ACROSS THE USA: NEWS FROM EVERY STATE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 2580 words


Alabama

Montgomery -- Lt. Gov. Don Siegelman is planning informal, dutch-treat
public meetings at restaurants statewide to "get a feel for what
working people. . . . are thinking about." The tour begins Tuesday
at a Quincy's restaurant in Muscle Shoals.

Alaska

Anchorage -- Real estate magnate Pete Zamarello has pleaded guilty
to bank fraud and making false statements to acquire $ 8 million
in bank loans to build three strip malls. Zamarello, 68, who owned
a string of malls and office buildings in the '80s, must pay $ 650,000
and may spend up to a year in jail.

Arizona

Phoenix -- The state attorney general's office is probing why
a gallon of gas costs up to 20 cents more in much of rural Arizona.
Last month, a gallon of unleaded gas averaged $ 1.36 a gallon in
rural Arizona, compared with $ 1.17 here and $ 1.15 in Tucson.

Arkansas

Dewitt -- Construction began on a state-of-the art jail to be
completed by November. Arkansas County Sheriff John McCord says
he hopes the increased jail space will make people think twice
about crime because they won't get released as easily.

California

Sacramento -- Gov. Wilson's new budget would freeze tuition costs
at colleges and universities for a third year in a row. The budget
earmarks $ 67.4 million to avoid fee increases of 10% built into
university budgets as contingencies. . . . The pilot "Work Pays"
program to reduce the welfare rolls through financial incentives
has failed, a University of California, Los Angeles study says.
The program reduced cash grants by 8.5% while allowing welfare
recipients to earn more money from jobs without losing their eligibility.

Colorado

Colorado Springs -- The El Paso County Sheriff's Office intercepted
509 checks totaling $ 270,000 in unemployment, Social Security
and other government benefits mailed to jail inmates in '96, officials
said. It's illegal for prisoners to receive public assistance
benefits.

Connecticut

Burlington -- The school board is expected to decide next Monday
whether to remove Kaffir Boy, Mark Mathabane's autobiography
from sophomores' reading list. Some parents object to two pages
about child prostitution. . . . New Haven -- A judge has denied
an injunction sought by shore residents against construction of
a high-speed Amtrak line between here and Boston.

Delaware

Lewes -- The deaths last week of psychiatrist Norman Taub and
his wife, Mildred, were suicides, police said. Taub, 81, suffered
from Parkinsons and did not want to lose his independence, an
associate said. Autopsies to determine a cause of death are pending.

D.C.

A task force on welfare reform is considering paying bonuses to
recipients who take full-time jobs and withholding checks from
parents who fail to send their children to school regularly. The
city already has cut welfare benefits by 10% to bring them in
line with Maryland and Virginia.

Florida

Tallahassee -- The state's 67 school districts face a June 30
deadline to provide plans that give parents more school choice,
but many haven't even taken up the issue. Local officials say
school choice has been overshadowed by creation of charter schools.
State officials have recently reminded districts to get moving.
. . . Daytona Beach -- The Museum of Arts and Sciences hopes to
capitalize on renewed interest in Evita Peron with plans to show
the only known life portrait of the Argentine heroine now being
portrayed in a movie starring Madonna. The exhibit will be open
on Tuesday.

Georgia

Savannah -- Two battle-scarred Confederate flags carried by the
Georgia Hussars were rediscovered in an attic. Lindsay P. Henderson,
whose family members served with the Hussars, had gotten the flags
from the Girl Scouts in '61, but forgot about them. . . . Cumming
-- Harvey Shulman, 55, was killed and David Robinson, 60, was
injured Saturday when their bass boat collided with another one
on Lake Lanier.

Hawaii

Honolulu -- The Right Rev. Canon Richard Sui On Chang, 54, was
installed as Hawaii's 10th Episcopal bishop at St. Andrew's Cathedral.
The diocese had been without a permanent bishop since '94, officials
said.

Idaho

Twin Falls -- State Rep. Mark Stubbs says he's considering a bill
that would place a state income tax on lottery winners. Idaho
has no state income tax. The estimated $ 250,000 in revenue would
go to drug and crime prevention programs, he said.

Illinois

Chicago -- A 10-month construction project promises to fix the
crumbling framework of Michigan Avenue's 77-year-old upper deck.
The $ 16 million project begins today and will include new sidewalks
and 1909-style street lighting. . . . Dupo -- Some residents want
to change the town's name back to Prairie du Pont, the name it
had until 1906. They say it would help shed Dupo's aging industrial
image. Village trustees will consider the plan on Jan. 21.

Indiana

Bloomington -- An anonymous donor's pledge of $ 275,000 has allowed
proponents of a downtown women's shelter to proceed with the project.
Construction begins next month. The shelter would provide up to
two years of housing for battered women and kids.

Iowa

Cascade -- Investigators today begin probing the fire that caused
nearly $ 2 million in damages to the Cascade Manufacturing Co.
plant. The plant builds trusses and other construction materials
for houses.

Kansas

Kansas City -- William Woodrome, 38, was sentenced to 25 years
in prison for the rape and murder of Glenda McClead, 45, daughter
of Dickinson Theaters founder Glen Dickinson Sr.

Kentucky

Louisville -- Environmental concerns could slow down the proposed
Caesars World riverboat gambling and resort project, officials
said. One delay has occurred while biologists search the Ohio
River site for any signs of the endangered Indiana bat.

Louisiana

Baton Rouge -- State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. will
raise its overall rates an average 2.8% beginning Jan. 15, officials
said. The increase, worth about $ 16 million a year, will affect
800,000 residents.

Maine

Portland -- The finalists for a name for a $ 130 million span between
here and South Portland are Casco Bay Bridge, Citizens' Memorial
Bridge, Harbor Bridge, Mariners Bridge and Mariners' Memorial
Bridge. The Legislature will decide.

Maryland

Annapolis -- The '97 General Assembly convenes Wednesday to decide
whether Marylanders will get a break on income taxes and a reprieve
from a tougher auto emissions testing program. The session will
run 90 days. . . . Baltimore -- Serial killer Joe Metheny, 41,
has added three more names to his list, bringing the total of
his victims to 10, detectives said. He said he killed two prostitutes
in '88 and an unidentified man in '76.

Massachusetts

Boston -- Economists expect the climate that help the state's
jobless rate to 4% in '96 to carry over into '97. Mutual funds,
biotechnology, computers and counseling kept the economy sound.

Michigan

Lansing -- The arrests of two girls, ages 16 and 14, in connection
with a lunchtime stabbing at Sexton High School reflects a national
trend of more violence among girls, officials say. The victim
was slashed in the chest and stomach and needed 75 stitches, police
said.

Minnesota

Minneapolis -- About two-thirds of lawmakers responding to a Star
Tribune survey say the state's $ 1.4 billion budget surplus
should be used to lower property taxes instead of paying for a
one-time income tax rebate as Gov. Carlson proposes.

Mississippi

Jackson -- Welfare will be the most volatile issue of the '97
legislative session that begins at noon Tuesday. About 45,470
Mississippi families are on welfare. Lawmakers say they want to
reduce that amount. . . . Corinth -- Organizers of the Northeast
Mississippi Farm and Home Technology Conference and Agri Business
Expo are moving the date of the annual event to February from
May to increase attendance.

Missouri

Campbell -- Authorities were letting a fire of 80,000 tires burn
itself out, a process that could take up to four days. The cause
of the blaze at Heartland Industries wasn't known.

Montana

Whitefish -- The city continues to be the state's most costly
to build a home. Building a house in '96 averaged $ 172,352, up
$ 37,448 from '95, Construction Monitor reported. Nine miles
away in Columbia Falls, the average building cost is $ 79,477.

Nebraska

Omaha -- Attorney General Don Stenberg agrees that the state needs
more prison beds but questioned a consultant's report indicating
that Nebraska needs an additional 800-bed prison at a cost of
about $ 68 million.

Nevada

Reno -- The Reno Hilton may ask for a property-tax break because
it's not making the money the assessor's office predicted. The
Hilton wants its value reduced to $ 110 million from $ 146.8 million.

New Hampshire

Concord -- The state troopers union wants the Legislature to spend
$ 12 million to add 200 troopers to the force of 290. They are
needed to guarantee trooper and public safety, the union says.

New Jersey

Trenton -- The state Division of Motor Vehicles installs rigid
privacy rules today. No longer can anyone obtain another driver's
record by forking over $ 8. Fears of stalkers searching for victims
and scam artists were behind the new rules.

New Mexico

Carlsbad -- The Dept. of Energy will hold a public hearing here
Jan. 13 about plans to open the USA's first nuclear waste dump
near Carlsbad. Hearings will also be held in Albuquerque today
and Tuesday and in Santa Fe Wednesday.

New York

Albany -- A state advisory board on crime victims' issues will
urge the Legislature to pass a law requiring life without parole
for repeat pedophiles. . . . Larchmont -- Five churches and synagogues
in the city petitioned the Larchmont Junior Soccer League to avoid
scheduling games between 9 a.m. and noon on Saturdays and Sundays.
They conflict with religious services, church officials say.

North Carolina

Durham -- The number of abortions in North Carolina fell for the
sixth straight year. There were 29,895 abortions reported in '95
-- down from '94's 31,875, the state's Center for Health Statistics
said.

North Dakota

Bismarck -- Prairie Public Broadcasting Inc. has shut down charitable
bingo operations in Grand Forks and Fargo, leaving 90 people out
of work, officials said. Both sites were losing money. The Bismarck
operation will continue.

Ohio

Columbus -- Ohio legislators will be back in their original Statehouse
chambers when they convene today. Lawmakers vacated in '93 so
that $ 114 million in restorations could be completed. . . . Cincinnati
-- The Ohio Parole Board considers today whether to release from
prison Stanley Broadnax, 50, a former Cincinnati health commissioner
convicted in '94 of drug charges. Broadnax, a physician, is serving
10 years for drug abuse and aggravated trafficking in cocaine.

Oklahoma

Oklahoma City -- An informational exhibit opens today for participants
in a design competition for a memorial to victims of the April
'95 Oklahoma City bombing that killed 168 people. The exhibit
is not open to the public. The final memorial design will be chosen
July 3.

Oregon

Eugene -- Police detective Les Rainey, who has a penchant for
dusting off old cases, is looking for anyone who may have seen
Janet Lynn Shanahan, 22, on the last night of her life April 23,
'69. Rainey wants to put her file to rest.

Pennsylvania

Harrisburg -- Trial starts today for 217 school districts that
claim the state is using an unconstitutional method of paying
for education. The lawsuit, filed by school districts in '91,
seeks to narrow the gap in per-pupil spending between wealthy
and poor districts.

Rhode Island

Providence -- The state isn't sure how much it will cost to rid
its computer systems of the "millenium bug," which will crash
computers that read only the last two digits of a year, so they'll
interpret the year 2000 as 1900. Gov. Almond has ordered chief
information officer Barbara Weaver to fix the problem.

South Carolina

Columbia -- The 25-story AT&T Building, the tallest building
in the state, goes on the auction block today with a $ 1.7 million
tax bill attached to it. . . . Greenville -- Main Street will
get 24-hour surveillance cameras in hard-to-patrol areas by next
summer. Mayor Knox White said the idea is not to spy on people,
but to make the area safer.

South Dakota

Pierre -- Incumbent Republican state Rep. Hal Wick will ask the
Legislature to decide the winner of his race against Democrat
John McIntyre, Wick's lawyer says. The state Supreme Court ruled
the contest was a tie. State law calls for the race to be settled
by drawing lots.

Tennessee

Memphis -- The Tennessee Valley Authority has agreed to reduce
the release of nitrogen dioxide at its Allen Fossil Plant. City
health officials complained about the formation of ozone, a lung-damaging
component of smog.

Texas

Fort Worth -- The Texas Dental Assn. is preparing to launch a
program to train dental professionals on how to spot child abuse
and how to report it. Nearly 65% of the injuries inflicted on
a child occur around the head and mouth. . . . San Antonio --
Albert Kronkosky Jr., the heir to a chili fortune who died in
'95 at age 87, has willed the bulk of his $ 300 million estate
to the Albert and Bessie Mae Kronkosky Foundation. The gift will
mean at least $ 15 million in annual contributions to local charities.

Utah

Salt Lake City -- Gov. Leavitt says he'll begin another search
for a director of the Committee of Consumer Services now that
committee members have rejected his first choice. Lorena Riffo
was turned down because of a lack of experience, members said.

Vermont

Barre -- The 350-foot-deep Rock of Ages granite quarry is being
iced over to serve as Mr. Freeze's home in the next Batman movie.
None of the stars, including George Clooney and Arnold Schwarzenegger,
will be visiting Barre.

Virginia

Richmond -- Gov. Allen will propose Wednesday that all government
officials report any gifts they receive worth $ 25 or more. Now,
disclosures are necessary for gifts over $ 200.

Washington

Spokane -- Law officers raided a puppy mill over the weekend,
seizing more than 200 golden retrievers and mastiffs. Officers
arrested Swen Bergman, 48, and Jeanette Bergman, 45, at Mountaintop
Kennels. Initial charges involve cruelty to animals.

West Virginia

Milton -- A historic covered bridge dating to the 19th century
will be dismantled, then rebuilt at a location a mile away, officials
say. The bridge's current location over the Mud River makes it
prone to flood damage.

Wisconsin

Milwaukee -- Police searched for a suspect in the shooting deaths
of three people at a southside residence. Autopsies are pending
on two men and a woman. . . . U.S. Rep. Steve Gunderson, who represented
the state's 3rd Congressional District since '80, gave up his
seat on Friday. He plans to become a consultant for businesses
and is working to organize a Republican counterpart to the Democratic
Leadership Council.

Wyoming

Yellowstone National Park -- Park officials reopened roads to
snowmobiles. The roads were closed Thursday because warm weather
conditions softened snow.

LOAD-DATE: January 06, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: ACROSS THE USA

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              63 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 10, 1997, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Debate over nominees could shake up system

BYLINE: Richard Willing

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 749 words


Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, the Senate Judiciary Committee chairman,
often calls to talk shop with his friend Sen. Patrick Leahy of
Vermont, the committee's ranking Democrat. So often, in fact,
that Hatch has installed a "speed dial" so that his phone rings
directly to Leahy's phone.

But Hatch didn't push the "Leahy" button last week when he was
considering whether to hold new hearings into some of President
Clinton's controversial judicial nominees.

"News to me," Leahy said when he heard of Hatch's plan.


In big ways and small, the climate is changing on the Senate's
courtly Judiciary Committee over the issue that Republicans call
"judicial activism": judges making laws rather than interpreting
them.

Several GOP senators say the panel should reassess its policy
of waving through most nominees, almost ensuring approval by the
full Senate.

Hatch calculates that Clinton likely will have appointed 60% of
all federal appeals court judges and 50% of district judges, not
to mention a Supreme Court justice or two, by the end of his second
term.

That's about 425 federal judges. To date, Clinton has appointed
202.

How Hatch handles the warring agendas within his own committee
-- and party -- will determine not just what sort of judges the
nation gets, but how, where and when it gets them.

"(Hatch) has a very real challenge to see if the civility and
consensus-building and professionalism that has been associated
(with picking judges) will be maintained," says Sheldon Goldman,
professor at the University of Massachusetts and a student of
judicial selection. "We haven't been here before."

Hatch himself has set a radical course. In three major speeches
since Clinton's re-election, he has railed against "dozens and
dozens of activist decisions" handed down by Clinton appointees.

"Should President Clinton nominate judges . . . who twist the
law to impose their own policy preferences rather than apply the
law as it is enacted, I will oppose them," Hatch told members
of the Federalist Society, a group of legal traditionalists, in
November.

But Hatch has found it hard to live up to that promise.

Under Hatch, the Judiciary Committee does what it has always done
under previous chairmen, Democrat or Republican: It has approved
nearly every nominee. Working with the Clinton White House, Hatch
has screened prospective nominees. He takes credit for heading
off several "problem" nominations.

Committee hearings, conservative activist Thomas Jipping complains,
often have been "hugfests with the nominees" rather than tough-minded
inquiries.

It was Jipping's Judicial Selection Monitoring Project, not Hatch's
staff, that uncovered "activist" writings that Clinton nominee
Margaret Mary Morrow omitted from the questionnaire submitted
to the committee.

In a highly unusual move, Senate Republicans have asked to re-open
hearings on her nomination, even though the Los Angeles lawyer
won approval from the Judiciary Committee last year.

Though Congress has been in session just two months, Hatch's fellow
conservatives already are going in their own directions.

Sen. John Ashcroft, R-Mo., a Judiciary Committee member who is
new this year, plans to convene his own hearings on "judicial
activism."

Two other likely targets: appeals court nominees William Fletcher
and Mary Margaret McKeown. In a speech to the Conservative Political
Action Committee last Thursday, Ashcroft criticized both nominees
as "elitists" seeking a "license to legislate."

Meanwhile, the Senate's Republican caucus has formed a task force
to consider changes in the confirmation process. It is kicking
around ideas such as ordering a roll call vote on all nominees,
which senators have opposed.

Vermont's Leahy is convinced that the debate is not about judicial
philosophy.

"The truth of the matter is, there's been a partisan stall that
started over a year ago and that continues today," Leahy says.
"Every single step is to virtually stop the confirmation of (Clinton)
judges."

Where is it all headed? Matters probably will get rougher before
they get smoother.

Judiciary Committee Democrats may oppose the unprecedented rehearings
on some Clinton nominees that Republicans are shooting for.

And already, Hatch sounds a bit battle-weary.

"It's no secret there is a lot of angst on both sides," he says.
"The key is to get good judges. . . . It's not an easy job."

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY; PHOTO, b/w, AP

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              64 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 19, 1997, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Senators gunning for Lake from start

BYLINE: Walter Shapiro

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A; Politics

LENGTH: 898 words


Were it not for the poignancy of the outcome, there would be something
drolly amusing about the flabbergasted Republican response to
Anthony Lake's sudden withdrawal as CIA nominee.

Senate Intelligence Committee Chairman Richard Shelby was reduced
to insisting, despite ample contrary evidence, "I was never out
to get Mr. Lake. It was not personal with me." Veteran Utah Sen.
Orrin Hatch, who had proudly saddled up with the GOP posse, now
said of Lake, "I personally liked him, wanted to vote for him
and in the end probably would have."

Comments like these are reminiscent of small boys who can't comprehend
why a playmate, whom they dangled upside down from a jungle gym,
no longer wants to hang out with them. You can hear them telling
their parents, "We were just funning with him. And we would have
given him his lunch money back, honest."

But Lake was never comfortable with the notion that Washington
was an adult version of Lord of the Flies. The same ingrained
sense of honor that caused him to resign from Henry Kissinger's
staff after the invasion of Cambodia now prompted Lake to compose
an eloquent letter of withdrawal that lamented the way that "Washington
has gone haywire."

What troubled Lake, beyond his own agony over a neverending CIA
confirmation process, is the coarseness and harshness of our political
culture. In his letter, he longed for the day when Washington
would again "give priority to policy over partisanship, to governing
over 'gotcha.' " Something has gone awry in Lake's view when
"very real foreign challenges" are continually overshadowed
by "the domestic wounds that Washington is inflicting on itself."

Tuesday afternoon I spoke briefly with the former national security
adviser by phone. "We are supposed to be here to govern," he
said, reflecting the frustration in his letter. "Sometimes you
govern well. Sometimes you govern badly. But you govern." Moments
later, Lake suggested that I edit the word "we" out of that
quote since, as he put it sadly, "I won't be governing any more."

Nothing in Lake's tone suggested pathos. Fatalism seemed to be
his dominant mood as he spoke of the failure of his ambition to
be the director of Central Intelligence. "I was never going to
play the hand," he said. "So I had to lay it down the best I
could."

Two weeks after the 1996 election, the Twentieth Century Fund,
a foundation that analyzes economic policies and foreign affairs,
issued a report titled "Obstacle Course," which called for reforms
in the presidential-appointment process. Many of the problems
cited by the fund's blue-ribbon panel, chaired by two former senators,
bear an eerie similarity to Lake's ordeal.

Not only is Senate confirmation slow and cumbersome (Lake dangled
before the Intelligence Committee for almost four months), but
the process has become harsh and demeaning. "Presidential nominees
are not provided with a zone of privacy," the report stated,
"and are often subject to unduly intrusive investigations."
Shelby's stubborn insistence that the entire Intelligence Committee
be allowed to pore over the raw data in Lake's FBI file stands
as a chilling example of how personal liberties can be trampled
by Senate search-and-destroy missions.

It is easy to trace the adversarial climate that disheartened
Lake back to the late 1980s when Senate Democrats rejected Robert
Bork for the Supreme Court. Indiana Republican Sen. Richard Lugar,
who supported Lake, recently spoke sadly about the now-familiar
tradition of "Borking," in which senators and interest groups
"feel it's imperative to go after each nominee with ferocious
intent if they are hoping to change history."

But there were no cataclysmic issues surrounding the Lake nomination,
especially since the Intelligence Committee seemed disinterested
in his plans for the CIA. It was Karl Marx, of all people, who
cleverly declared that history repeats itself -- "the first time
as tragedy, the second as farce." Groucho Marx couldn't have
better described the sad historical progression from the Bork
nomination to the Lake hearings.

The loss of civility in the Senate is but one manifestation of
a more serious malaise, a crisis of the spirit that directly flows
from the bipartisan fund-raising scandals. A six-year Senate term
no longer shields legislators from constantly brooding about re-election,
even when the next rendezvous with the voters is five years away.
Fund-raising for the modern senator is now a permanent obsession,
which means that legislators are constantly surrounded by pollsters
and campaign consultants. Small wonder that senators tend to see
everything through the narrow prism of partisan advantage.

With no transcendent questions dividing the nation, politics quickly
degenerates into another form of gamesmanship. Victory at all
costs -- using issues and public officials as weapons of combat
-- becomes the guiding principle. So, of course, senators rough
up any vulnerable presidential nominee. It's not personal. It's
just 1990s-style politics with twice the usual venom and none
of the traditional content.

Tony Lake exits the public stage with his head high and his reputation
unblemished. That's far more than can be said about the senators
whose puerile posturing provoked his dispiriting departure.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              65 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 24, 1997, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Gore starts Asia tour stressing environment

BYLINE: Susan Page

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 393 words

DATELINE: TOKYO


TOKYO -- Vice President Gore began a tour of Asia Sunday, stressing
a signature issue: protecting the environment.

In a speech at a global environmental meeting, Gore challenged
Japan to agree to limit carbon monoxide and other greenhouse gases
before a U.N.-sponsored conference convenes in Kyoto in December.

"Climate change is a global problem and can only be met by a
global solution," Gore said. "Such action cannot wait much longer."


But the issue of whether Chinese officials sought to influence
U.S. elections in 1996 is a constant undercurrent to the vice
president's trip.

Gore, who arrives in China today, said he will raise the explosive
allegations "in an appropriate and sensitive way" when he meets
with Beijing's leaders.

China has denied trying to funnel money to U.S. elections.

In a sidelight to the contro-

versy over big-business campaign contributions, Gore's aides wouldn't
allow reporters to cover his meeting with 200 U.S. business people
based in Japan. The official reason from Ginny Terzano, Gore's
press secretary: The meeting was in preparation for Gore's talks
with Japanese Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto.

Gore plans a similar private meeting with U.S. business people
in Beijing this week.

In China, Gore plans to discuss environmental concerns and the
goal of "sustainable development," the issue that was intended
to be the trip's centerpiece. Also on the table: China's crackdown
on human rights.

"Both our countries are clearly signaling . . . we want to find
a way to move forward in the relationship while being respectful
of the disagreements that we have," Gore said.

The Clinton administration considers Gore's trip a test of its
policy of "engagement" with Beijing, using contact rather than
sanctions to encourage human rights and free trade.

"The truth is they've been going backward on human rights, not
in the right direction," House Minority Leader Dick Gephardt
said on CNN.

Gephardt, a potential challenger to Gore for the presidency in
2000, said he might vote against renewing China's most-favored-nation
trading status to keep pressure on Beijing.

Gore wouldn't respond directly to Gephardt. But he said, "I think
it is more than reasonable to place a bet that as the free market
expands dramatically, so will free ideas."

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, AP

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              66 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 24, 1997, Monday, FIRST EDITION

Gore starts Asia tour stressing environment

BYLINE: Susan Page

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 398 words

DATELINE: TOKYO


TOKYO -- Vice President Gore began a three-nation tour of Asia
Sunday, stressing one of his signature issues -- protecting the
environment.

In a speech at a global environmental meeting, Gore challenged
Japan to agree to limit carbon monoxide and other greenhouse gases
before a U.N.-sponsored conference in Kyoto convenes in December.

"The developed world must agree to realistic and achievable legally
binding targets for greenhouse gas emissions," Gore said in prepared
remarks.


"We must take care to develop targets that put us on a more sustainable
energy path without sacrificing continued economic growth and
development," he said.

But the issue of whether Chinese officials sought to influence
1996 U.S. elections is a constant undercurrent to the vice president's
trip.

Gore, who arrives in China today, said he will raise the explosive
allegations when he meets with Beijing's leaders.

"In an appropriate and sensitive way, it will be discussed,"
he said.

China has indignantly denied trying to funnel money to U.S. elections.

In China, Gore also plans to discuss environmental concerns and
the goal of "sustainable development," the issue that was intended
to be the trip's centerpiece.

Gore said he will discuss:

-- The U.S. trade deficit with China and China's entry into the
World Trade Organization.

-- The continuing Chinese crackdown on human rights.

-- The turnover of Hong Kong from British to Chinese control
this summer.

"Both our countries are clearly signaling . . . we want to find
a way to move forward in the relationship while being respectful
of the disagreements that we have," he said.

The Clinton administration sees Gore's Asia trip as a test of
its policy of "engagement" with Beijing, using contact rather
than sanctions to encourage human rights and free trade.

"The truth is they've been going backward on human rights, not
in the right direction," House Minority Leader Dick Gephardt
said on CNN.

Gephardt, a potential 2000 challenger to Gore for president, said
he might vote against renewing China's most-favored-nation trading
status to keep pressure on Beijing to improve human rights.

Gore wouldn't respond directly to Gephardt. But he said, "I think
it is more than reasonable to place a bet that as the free market
expands dramatically, so will free ideas."

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, AP

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              67 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 26, 1997, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

What is Fed's next move? Wall Street, not Main Street, may be Fed target

BYLINE: Bill Montague

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1597 words


To quote Yogi Berra: "It's like deja vu all over again."

Or, at least, that's how it may look to Federal Reserve policymakers,
who once again find themselves doing battle with the dreaded inflation
dragon.

In the last round of that fight, which stretched through most
of 1994 and early 1995, Fed officials doubled short-term interest
rates, battering the bond market and pushing the economy to the
brink of recession before they were satisfied the beast had been
tamed. With luck, this time will be different, analysts say.

By raising its target for the federal funds rate, which banks
charge each other on overnight loans, to 5.5% from 5.25%, the
Fed showed its determination to nip inflation in the bud. But
by not raising the discount rate, which the Fed charges on loans
to banks, it also signaled it hopes the process will be relatively
painless, at least compared with previous episodes.


Indeed, the Fed seems somewhat defensive about having to raise
rates at all. In an unusually wordy statement Tuesday, Fed policymakers
called the rate hike "a prudent step that affords greater assurance
of prolonging the current economic expansion . . . through the
rest of this year and next."

That hardly suggests the Fed is preparing to put the economy through
the wringer. The financial markets, and most economists, are projecting
one more 0.25 percentage point increase in rates, or at most two
more, this year.

"This is pretty much an all-gain, no-pain move for them," says
Tim O'Neill, chief economist for Harris Bank. "It leaves them
in a position where they can easily back off if the economy slows
down the road."

Conditions different this time

The same reassuring views were widely heard in February 1994,
when the Fed finally ended a five-year spell of falling or low
short-term interest rates, also with a 0.25 percentage point increase
in the fed funds target. Those hopes were dashed quickly, as the
economy surged, forcing the Fed to raise rates a total of seven
times over the next year. But analysts point to several reasons
why that experience won't be repeated.

-- The economy is at a different point in the business cycle.
In 1994, consumers were in a mood to shop, thanks to pent-up demand
from the 1990-91 recession and the sluggish recovery that followed.
That sent sales of autos, new homes and other big-ticket items
soaring. Now pent-up demand has been exhausted. Auto sales have
flattened, and new home starts are trending lower. Business investment,
another driver of economic growth, has slowed from the double-digit
rates of 1994.

-- Rates are higher now. When the Fed started tightening in 1994,
the federal funds rate stood at just 3% -- close to zero, in after-inflation
terms. That rock-bottom rate encouraged investors to borrow at
short-term rates to buy long-term bonds. That pushed bond yields
and mortgage rates to 25-year lows in late 1993, giving the economy
a powerful boost. It also created a speculative bubble in the
bond market, which imploded when the Fed started raising rates.
Today, the fed funds rate is at nearly 3% in after-inflation terms,
above its historical average.

-- The dollar is stronger. A strong dollar tends to curb inflation
by cutting the price of imported goods here, and raising the price
abroad of U.S.-made goods, curbing exports. Since early 1995,
the dollar has risen nearly 10%, as measured against the currencies
of major U.S. trading partners. Chris Vaveres, economist with
Macroeconomic Advisors in St. Louis, says a 10% rise in the dollar
is roughly equivalent to a 1-percentage-point increase in short-term
interest rates.

-- Inflation doesn't seem to be playing by the old rules. Fed
officials love to take credit for preventing a price surge with
their 1994 rate hikes. But at the time, the Fed's own forecasting
models predicted inflation would go much higher than it actually
did -- despite the rate moves. That pattern has persisted into
1997. Gains in wages have remained surprisingly modest, despite
low unemployment. Even where wages have risen, fierce competitive
pressure has kept companies from raising prices. Such good news
can't last forever, which is why the Fed raised rates Tuesday.
But until it does end, officials are likely to remain cautious
about pushing rates still higher.

Fed move surprises some

Some economists are surprised the Fed moved at all, given the
benign behavior of the major price indexes. True, Fed officials
repeatedly have vowed to launch a pre-emptive strike before inflation
showed up in the consumer price index. But in recent statements,
Fed chairman Alan Greenspan had seemed to indicate that the Fed
would wait until it had seen a "pattern of rising inflationary
pressures," in the economic statistics. So far, those signs are
few and far between, critics say.

"There is absolutely nothing to hang this on," says Lawrence
Chimerine, economist for the Economic Strategy Institute. "The
Fed keeps saying it's afraid of getting behind the inflation curve,
but in this case there's no curve to get behind."

To cite just one example: In the past, Greenspan has cited the
National Association of Purchasing Management's Supplier Delivery
Index as a key indicator of inflationary pressures. The index
measures the speed with which manufacturers are filling orders.
The slower the speed, the higher the index, since slow speeds
indicate supply isn't keeping up with demand, giving producers
room to raise prices. The index soared in early 1994, eventually
rising more than 26% before the Fed's rate hikes finally slowed
the economy. Today, the index is trending lower, and has been
since last summer. Factory utilization, another leading indicator,
is moving sideways. Core inflation, excluding food and energy
prices, is still slowing.

All in all, it's hardly a recipe for a serious inflation problem,
Chimerine argues. Many business leaders agree. The National Association
of Manufacturers and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce blasted the
Fed's move. Some executives also have doubts. "I would have been
one to have voted on the other side of this," says John Chambers,
CEO of Cisco Systems, the computer networking firm.

Bottom line: The Fed appears to be reacting not to any overt risk
of inflation but simply to the fact that economic growth exceeded
3% in the fourth quarter of 1996 and appears poised to do it again
this quarter. That's above the 2% to 2.5% growth many economists
think is sustainable without inflation.

Those concerns are understandable, says economist Joel Popkin,
president of the consulting firm that bears his name. The economy
is closer to the edge of its capacity than in 1994. And there
is some evidence the big runup in stock prices the past two years
will lead to a burst of consumer spending this year. "The growth
we are seeing is just too high for the Fed to feel comfortable,"
Popkin says.

The problem is that Fed officials repeatedly have said they have
no particular target for economic growth, as long as it is noninflationary.
But calculating the "noninflationary" growth rate is particularly
difficult now, given the breakdown in the old relationships between
unemployment, wages and inflation.

That situation creates political risks for the Fed, warns John
Silvia, chief economist for Zurich Kemper Investments. Even if
the Fed is wrong about the inflation risk, a single 0.25 percentage
point rate hike is unlikely to derail the economy. But it could
revive fears that the Fed is too quick on the interest-rate trigger.
"It opens them up to criticism that they're going to be anti-growth
rather than anti-inflation," Silvia says.

But some analysts suspect the never-ending debate about growth
and inflation is irrelevant to the Fed's decisions. Tuesday's
rate hike, they speculate, was aimed more at Wall Street than
Main Street, and reflects Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan's concern
that a speculative bubble in the financial markets eventually
might lead to a devastating crash.

Even if that fear is valid, it's not clear that one or
two Fed rate hikes will prevent a bubble, says Maureen Allyn,
economist for brokerage Scudder, Stevens, Clark. But given the
massive use of borrowed funds by market speculators, "Greenspan
is absolutely right to take it into consideration," Allyn says.
"He would be grossly negligent if he wasn't concerned."

Contributing: Ellen Neuborne



WHAT THE FED SAID:

Statement released Tuesday by the Federal Reserve's policymaking
panel, the Federal Open Market Committee:

The Federal Open Market Committee decided (Tuesday) to tighten
money market conditions slightly, expecting the federal funds
rate to rise 1/4 percentage point to around 51/2%.

This action was taken in light of persisting strength in demand,
which is progressively increasing the risk of inflationary imbalances
developing in the economy that would eventually undermine the
long expansion.

In these circumstances, the slight firming of monetary condition
is viewed as a prudent step that affords greater assurance of
prolonging the current economic expansion by sustaining the existing
low inflation environment through the rest of this year and the
next. The experience of the last several years has reinforced
the conviction that low inflation is essential to realizing the
economy's fullest growth potential.

No change was made in the Federal Reserve discount rate, which
remains at 5%.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Joe Marquette, AP

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              68 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 31, 1997, Monday, FINAL EDITION

A funding boost may be in store

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 345 words


The federal Office of Alternative Medicine (OAM) has been a squelched
stepchild in the National Institutes of Health, congressional
critics charge. They say a House bill expanding OAM's power and
boosting its budget, introduced earlier this month, could finally
free the 5-year-old agency to test non-traditional therapies in
a timely manner.

But defenders of the current office -- among them NIH director
Harold Varmus and OAM chief Wayne Jonas -- think things are fine
as they are and would rather not get involved.


OAM's annual budget would zoom from $ 12 million to $ 198 million
in the House version, sponsored by Rep. Peter DeFazio, D-Ore.
The Senate bill, authored by Tom Harkin, D-Iowa, will be introduced
in April, he says. It won't name a dollar amount but also elevates
OAM to a center, whose research grants won't have to be approved
by other institutes. Both DeFazio and Harkin say the plan has
bipartisan support.

"There's been a lot of resistance and hostility from NIH," DeFazio
says. In today's budget climate, the spectacular funding increase
"will be a tough sell," he admits. Some think change might come
in two steps -- first creating a center, then adding money.

Despite charges that higher-ups prefer to keep OAM a backwater
and don't want any added health research dollars siphoned to it,
Varmus claims he's "absolutely been a staunch supporter" of
the office. He won't take a stand on the bill yet, but pointedly
says, "the Institutes are where our scientific expertise is,
and it's best to work within them."

OAM head Jonas thinks the office has done quite well. He points
to 42 pilot research projects funded, testing techniques from
acupuncture to hypnosis, massage and homeopathy. The office also
has co-funded 10 new research centers at universities such as
Columbia and Stanford to look at alternative healing methods.

Jonas, too, declines comment on the bill. Cooperation from institutes
has been "mixed," he says, but "collaboration efforts have
improved in the last nine months."

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: HEALTH AND BEHAVIOR

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              69 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      April 7, 1997, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Singapore rediscovers its place in push for tourists Spanking clean city turns
efforts to cultural preservation

BYLINE: Laura Bly

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 1294 words

DATELINE: SINGAPORE


SINGAPORE -- "Singapore is a Fine City," boasts the front of
a popular tourist T-shirt sold here.

And the back proves it, with a list of financial penalties for
such off-limits activities as chewing gum, picking flowers and
failing to flush a public toilet.

You've got to hand it to this equatorial swamp-turned-Switzerland
of Asia. It isn't ashamed to promote both its greatest strength
and biggest potential turnoff: a well-scrubbed, highly regulated
veneer.


Already a major hub whose 3 million residents host 7.29 million
annual visitors, the 260-square-mile island nation is building
hotels and expanding its airport and cruise terminal in a bid
to become one of the 21st century's world tourism capitals.

Tourism executives tout its stopover appeal to comfort-craving
travelers bound for, or returning from, less-developed destinations
in Malaysia or Indonesia. Case in point: one of the island's most
popular attractions, a 3-year-old Night Safari Park that whisks
visitors through replicas of 55 animal habitats. Jurassic Park
should have looked and run like this after-dark zoo, right down
to the smiling staff, litter-free pathways and comfortable trams
that purr past Nepalese rhinos and Cape giraffes.

But beyond Singapore's passion for cleanliness and such climate-controlled
temples of Western consumerism as Starbucks and Planet Hollywood,
the city of the future is looking to its past.

In an effort to preserve its historic Chinese, Indian and Malay
neighborhoods, the Singapore government has slated more than 5,300
buildings for restoration. That's a big change from the 1970s,
when many structures were razed to make way for the city's forest
of high-rises.

"Somewhere along the line, someone forgot that we were wiping
out Singapore's history," admits Charles Leong, senior vice president
for the Americas at the Singapore Tourist Promotion Board.

The most recent example of the preservation push is a $ 70 million
makeover of an 1860s convent and girls school near the city center.
The cloistered walls and long, covered walkways at CHIJMES (pronounced
chimes) now shelter a variety of restaurants and retail shops,
from a Malaysian batik store to an Irish pub. Even the convent's
broad green lawns reflect their former grandeur, though the city's
consistently steamy weather tends to discourage many midafternoon
strolls.

Two other old schools are being put to new use, as well. A former
Catholic boys school was transformed last summer into the Singapore
Art Museum, the only major institution in Asia to feature Southeast
Asian contemporary art. This month, the first wing of a new Asian
Civilizations Museum will open with an exhibit that draws on the
city's Indian heritage.

And Lau Pa Sat, a Victorian-era building that ranks as Asia's
largest cast iron structure, made its debut six months ago as
a monument to Singaporeans' love of multiethnic foods. A popular
gathering spot for both hungry tourists and office workers from
the surrounding financial district, Lau Pa Sat houses a fragrant
array of "hawker stalls" that sell such specialties as Hainanese
chicken and rice (about $ 3 for a melt-in-your-mouth serving) and
mutton satay (50 cents a stick).

The latest restorations join several other projects, including
an ongoing effort to turn old homes and shop

houses near the city's Sultan Mosque into art galleries, travel
agencies and souvenir stores. Outside a Chinatown coffee shop,
meanwhile, jackhammers compete with the trill of thrushes as workers
enlarge a popular "bird exercise area" where Chinese men bring
their pets to socialize.

Singapore's most high-profile attempt to capitalize on the former
British colony's glory days is the Raffles Hotel.

Built in 1887 and named after the city's founder, Sir Stamford
Raffles, the grand dame was once a favored haunt of such writers
as Rudyard Kipling, Noel Coward and Somerset Maugham. Today, six
years after a stem-to-stern renovation, it attracts a distinctly
eclectic clientele, from haughty overnight guests in straw hats
and well-creased linen pants to throngs of day-trippers willing
to drop $ 15 for a signature Singapore Sling (a frothy pink concoction
that tastes faintly of cough syrup).

Hidden away on an upper floor of an adjoining shopping arcade
is the Raffles museum. It's stocked with reproductions of the
hotel's original china ($ 46 for a teapot) and photos of such famous
guests as actress Jean Simmons, perched on a rickshaw piloted
by a pith helmet-wearing driver.

Here, too, are cruise brochures from the early 1900s that portray
tourists stopping off in Singapore to "enjoy a taste of the tropics
before their next destination."

Nearly a century later, the formula still works.

"Singapore is one of the few cities in the world that's already
in the millennium, but it's making a real effort not to forget
its past," notes Gerry Kerr of Pacific Delight Tours, a New York-based
tour operator that sends about 15,000 people to Asia yearly.

And, he adds, while many travelers come to the Far East in search
of exotic surroundings, "they still want their creature comforts
. . . and Singapore offers plenty."



If you're going . . .

THE BASICS: A passport is required, but a visa or vaccinations
are not. English is the predominant language. Tipping is uncommon,
though hotels and restaurants add a 10% service charge. One U.S.
dollar equals about 1.45 Singapore dollars.

GETTING THERE: Direct flights are available on Singapore
Airlines from Los Angeles, San Francisco and New York City, and
on United from L.A. Several other carriers offer connecting flights.
A 25-minute ride from the airport to the city center costs about
$ 15.

LODGING: At the bottom end, the YMCA International House
on Orchard Road features a fitness center and rooftop swimming
pool for about $ 63 per night, double. In Chinatown, the 19th century
Inn of the Sixth Happiness charges $ 107-$ 346 for rooms and suites
furnished with rosewood antiques. Rates at the venerable Raffles
Hotel range $ 380-$ 4,148, while the impressive new Ritz-Carlton
Millennia provides a sleek, streamlined alternative to the company's
usual decor of dark woods and traditional paintings ($ 297-$ 3,457).

DIVERSIONS: If you've got at least four hours between flights
at Singapore's ultramodern Changi Airport, don't pass up the free
city bus tour offered several times a day.

Most of the high-tech and high-fashion items for sale along the
city's prime shopping street, Orchard Road, are as expensive here
as they are in the USA. But you'll find top-quality Chinese, Malaysian
and Indonesian antiques and specialty goods at places such as
the Raffles Arcade in the Raffles Hotel and House of Batik on
Arab Street.

Admission to the world's only after-dark zoo, the Night Safari
Park, costs $ 9.68 for adults, $ 6.45 for kids.

DINING: You won't spend any more than $ 15 per person for
an ample meal from one of Singapore's ubiquitous hawker stalls,
which sell everything from Indonesian satay to chili crab.

San Francisco restaurateur Jeremiah Tower's recently opened Stars,
in a renovated convent-turned-shopping center called CHIJMES,
features Pacific Rim cuisine (entrees about $ 8.50-$ 18).

The city's most unusual restaurant has to be the Imperial Herbal,
where a Chinese herbalist makes recommendations from a menu of
more than 100 items designed to improve a diner's physical and
mental health (about $ 70 for two).

INFORMATION: Singapore Tourist Promotion Board in Chicago
(312-938-1888), Los Angeles (213-852-1901), or New York (212-302-4861),
or on the Web at http://www.newasia-singapore .com.

LOAD-DATE: April 07, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, USA TODAY (Map); PHOTO, Color, Singapore Tourist
Promotion; PHOTOS, B/W, Sinagpore Tourist Promotion Board (4); PHOTOS, B/W,
Meredith Pillon, Sinagpore Tourist Promotion Board (2)

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              71 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 1, 1997, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Early retirement may crimp benefits

BYLINE: Sandra Block

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 764 words


Leave it to baby boomers to make retirement hip.

Their plans for retirement go well beyond senior bowling leagues
and early-bird dinner specials. They want to go in-line skating,
visit Prague, or get a law degree.

No wonder, then, that financial planners have seen a big increase
in the number of clients who want to retire in their 50s or early
60s. But bailing out early could be a bad idea. You may give up
important company benefits, Social Security payments or interest
on your investments. Sometimes, working an additional year or
two can make a big difference in your standard of living after
retirement.


So before you sign up for that daytime scuba class, consider:

-- Health care. If you're planning early retirement, make
sure you won't sacrifice company medical benefits, says Jim Shambo,
a personal finance specialist in Colorado Springs. Companies looking
for ways to control health care costs are increasingly cutting
benefits for early retirees, he says. If you're inadequately insured,
a catastrophic illness could exhaust your retirement savings,
particularly if you're too young to qualify for Medicare. And
don't assume Medicare will seamlessly replace a company-funded
plan, says Stewart Kessler, a personal finance specialist with
Goldstein Golub Kessler in New York. "There's nothing like being
on a nice plan where you can go to different doctors," he says.
"With Medicare, the paperwork alone can drive you out of your
mind."

-- Pension benefits. Most pension plans are based on years
of service and salary in the last years. Early retirement could
significantly reduce those benefits, particularly if you're expecting
a big raise. If you have a 401(k) or similar savings plan, taking
early retirement won't affect the plan, since you take the money
with you when you leave. But quitting early will cut the amount
of money in the pot if your employer matches your contributions.

-- Life expectancy. Calculating how long you might live
is an important part of retirement planning. If you're in good
health and retire at 55, your savings may have to last 30 or 40
years. "We just celebrated my grandfather's 100th birthday, and
his kid brother, who's 93, was there," says Steven Levy, a personal
finance specialist with Gelfond Hochstadt Pangburn in Denver.
"My partners joke with me that I'm going to have to work a lot
longer before I retire."

Likewise, if your family has a history of illness, you may decide
the time you'll gain from early retirement is worth more than
the benefits of working a few more years. Levy says his late father-in-law,
who died at 77, retired early because his family had a history
of heart disease. Levy calculated that working until age 65 would
have provided his father-in-law with $ 200 a month more in pension
benefits. "He said that's not enough."

-- Expenses. Most people assume they'll spend less when
they retire. But if you're still relatively young and healthy,
your cost of living could increase. If you fantasize about traveling,
moving to a warmer climate or remodeling the kitchen, make sure
you've saved enough to bankroll your dreams. And don't forget
down-to-earth costs, like health care. If your retirement benefits
are reduced, your out-of-pocket medical costs may rise. "There
may be a trade-off," Levy says. "You may not spend $ 200 a month
on work clothes and dry cleaning, but you'll spend $ 150 a month
on health care."

-- Inflation. Forgetting about inflation is the most common
error couples make, planners say. Even modest inflation can burn
a hole in your savings. Robert Lees, a personal finance specialist
with KPMG Peat Marwick in Albuquerque, cites the example of a
couple planning to retire with $ 500,000, assuming an annual income
of $ 40,000 and an 8% annual return. If inflation averages 3% a
year, by 2022 the couple will need $ 80,000 a year to maintain
their current standard of living, Lees says.

-- Relationships. Even if your financial needs are met,
retirement can have a dramatic impact on your life, particularly
if you're married. "For some couples, for the 40 years they've
been married, the husband has come home and had dinner, they talk
for a little while, they watch TV and they go to bed," Kessler
says. "All of a sudden, they're thrown together."

Failing to prepare for the change can jeopardize a marriage, he
says. For that reason, Kessler encourages his clients to talk
about how they plan to spend their retirements long before they
pick up the final paycheck.

LOAD-DATE: May 01, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              73 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 19, 1997, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

NEITHER FOOD NOR DRUG Lack of science leaves safety up to consumer

BYLINE: Jayne O'Donnell

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1896 words


Michael Hanna sells ground-up cactus and other desert shrubs as
Arizona Natural dietary supplements. But if he wanted to "pick
up some dirt, put it in a pill and sell it as 'Arizona Dirt,'
" the government couldn't stop him, says Hanna, president of
Arizona Natural.

He's right. Dietary supplements -- pills, capsules and extracts
from sources as diverse as Chinese herbs, magnolia bark and shark
cartilage used to treat everything from impotence to obesity --
can go on sale without any evidence they work and amid reports
that some of them might be dangerous, even deadly. In this largely
unregulated environment, the $ 6.5 billion-a-year supplement industry
is thriving.

But hardly anyone is happy. Government regulators say they are
all but helpless to keep potentially ineffective or unsafe supplements
off the market. The supplement industry wants more freedom to
tout the potential health benefits of its products, even if it
means subjecting those products to scientific review. And consumers
are left to fend for themselves without reliable information on
what works, what doesn't, and what is dangerous.


Three years after a controversial federal law gave supplement
makers and retailers enormous freedom from government oversight,
the industry and its products are beginning to come under closer
scrutiny:

-- A White House commission next week is expected to recommend
tighter regulation of the labeling that goes on dietary supplements.

Harvard and Vanderbilt universities have launched the first major
study of the most controversial diet ingredient, the amphetamine-like
stimulant ephedra, which has been blamed for two deaths and linked
to 36 others. The researchers will try to determine if ephedra
is safe and effective as a diet aid.

-- After a three-year investigation, the Food and Drug Administration
(FDA) this month proposed warning labels and recommended daily
limits on ephedra.

-- The Federal Trade Commission (FTC) has brought seven cases
against supplement makers under a campaign called "Operation
Waistline." In March, the FTC charged seven supplement companies
with making false or misleading claims about their products; one
case has already been settled, and more settlements are expected
soon.

-- The National Institutes of Health's office on alternative
medicine has commissioned several clinical studies of the medicinal
effects of herbs. The studies will look at the effects of ginseng
on colon cancer and the use of Chinese herbs for treating HIV
and menopause.

"The public should be able to expect that they're getting a safe
product and an effective product," says Rep. John Dingell, D-Mich.
"They also have a right to protection from scams and snake oil
salesmen."

At the center of the controversy is a 1994 law -- the Dietary
Supplement Health and Education Act (DSHEA) -- that changed the
way supplements are classified, removing them from the strict
controls governing foods.

The law was designed to protect popular supplements from the often
heavy hand of the FDA. Supplement makers no longer have to prove
their products are safe or effective before they sell them. The
burden has shifted to the government to prove they are unsafe.

"The FDA simply wouldn't have any incentive to approve products
they basically don't like," says Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, who
sponsored the legislation. "It could take years for the most
simple of products to clear the FDA hurdles."

Before it can get any supplements pulled off the market, the FDA
must prove the supplements or their ingredients pose an "imminent
hazard" to public safety.

Supplement companies, sellers and users say the imminent hazard
test gives the FDA all the power it needs to keep unsafe supplements
off the market. The FDA, saying an imminent harzard is hard to
define and to prove, has yet to use it to remove supplements from
store shelves despite concerns about health risks.

The law doesn't allow supplement manufacturers to make specific
health claims but gives them leeway to say what part of the body
their products might help. For instance, a manufacturer can't
claim its supplement prevents heart attacks, but it can say the
supplement is good for the heart.

The law also allows health-food stores to display "third-party"
material such as pamphlets touting the purported health-related
benefits of dietary supplements.

"The consumer really needs to bear the responsibility for checking
out these things," says Elizabeth Yetley, FDA's director of diet
supplements.

The FDA has reports linking dietary supplements to 47 deaths and
1,400 cases of health problems. Supplement supporters dispute
the FDA's figures on deaths and illnesses and say that years,
sometimes centuries, of experience show that many supplements
work safely.

"When you consider that 60 million people use herbs, the number
of illnesses is very small indeed," says Varro Tyler, former
dean of the pharmacy school at Purdue University, who has written
300 scientific articles on herbs and natural drugs. "Herbal products
are generally quite safe and quite effective."

Double-digit growth

Meanwhile, the business is booming. Companies are combing fields
in central China for new herbs, the deserts of the Southwest for
shrubs and the lakes of the Pacific Northwest for new aquatic
plants.

Sales of herbal diet supplements, now about $ 2 billion a year,
are growing 20% a year. Overall diet supplements also are growing
at a double-digit rate.

Several major pharmaceutical and food companies are entering the
supplement business, seeking to market less-regulated products
called nutraceuticals: food-based substances such as Gatorade
that might have some extra-nutritional value.

No wonder drug companies are interested. Instead of spending an
average $ 30 million and 10 years to develop a cholesterol-lowering
drug, a cholesterol-lowering diet supplement would cost less than
$ 2 million and could be marketed in less than two years, says
John Troup, vice president of nutrition and scientific affairs
for the General Nutrition Companies.

Supplement makers often find the regulatory climate more hospitable
in the USA than it is overseas. In China, where herbs have been
used for thousands of years, the government is cracking down,
requiring prescriptions for herbs that are sold over the counter
in the USA.

Canada, Germany and the United Kingdom have restricted the sale
of comfrey, a leafy plant used in liquid form to treat hoarse
throats. The FDA has linked it to seven cases of liver disease
and one death. But the FDA hasn't taken any action or issued a
warning because it hasn't been able to build a strong enough medical
case against the ingredient here.

"Unless I make a health claim, the FDA can't even look at it,"
says Hanna of Arizona Natural. "In Singapore, I have to fill
out 20 to 30 pages about what's in it; I'm required to show them
everything I've done."

'Toxic at some level'

The plants and herbs that go into supplements suggest a salad
more than a pharmaceutical, but they are often the natural versions
of drugs you'd otherwise need a prescription to buy. Prescription
drugs, however, are many times more potent once they've been extracted
from herbs and combined with chemicals.

For instance, yohimbe, a tree bark used as a male aphrodisiac
and sold over the counter in health-food stores in the USA, is
just the natural version of yohimbine, a prescription drug used
to treat impotence.

The FDA believes yohimbe can cause seizures and death but says
it hasn't warned consumers because the 1994 law makes its case
too difficult to prove.

Like food, supplements must come with a list of ingredients. But
they don't have to disclose the amounts that are safe to take
and, in fact, the safe amounts aren't always known.

"That's what scares me about dietary supplements," says George
McCulley, president of Franklin Consulting, which advises drug
companies that are doing business with the FDA. "They are always
going to be toxic at some level; we just don't know what level."

Because of that uncertainty, reports that supplements are unsafe
can be difficult to prove. For years, Mary Jane Porter of Phoenix,
Ariz., drank at least one cup a day of an herbal tea touted as
a diet aid, often steeping two or three bags in a cup. She died
of cardiac arrest in 1994. Her husband, Jim, is convinced that
the herbal "dieter's tea" is responsible for the death of the
36-year-old mother of three.

But no doctor would say for sure that the tea caused her death.
There is little research into the effects the stimulant-laxative
teas have on the human body.

But the FDA has received complaints of four deaths and 34 other
health problems linked to dieter's tea; 20 of the complaints and
all of the suspected deaths involved the Laci Le Beau brand that
Mary Jane Porter drank before bed.

Laci Le Beau, based in Fresno, Calif., "denies the tea "caused
any harm to anybody," says its lawyer Don Carlson.

Dieter's tea, which can act as a laxative and diuretic, can impair
function of the colon and cause nausea, vomiting and even death,
according to the FDA's Food Advisory Committee. But a year after
Porter died, the committee failed to agree on whether the teas
should carry warning labels.

Better labeling

Just about everyone agrees that regulation of dietary supplements
should change.

Dingell wants to undo the 1994 law. "I'd like to repeal the whole
sorry mess," he says.

Even the herbal industry would favor additional regulation if
herbal companies could make more health claims on their products.
They suggest an entirely new category for over-the-counter supplements.

"Our idea is that we would establish . . . a different mechanism
to approve the use of these substances," says Michael McGuffin
of the American Herbal Products Association. "It would be more
stringent than what we have now" but not as stringent as current
drug approval.

Purdue's Tyler and other scientists say that what's really needed
is more testing and better labeling of herbal supplements. Instead
of regulating supplements the same way as drugs, they suggest
the USA look to Germany as a role model.

In Germany, herbal supplements are approved as over-the-counter
and prescription drugs by a government agency similar to the FDA.
The natural substances are manufactured to pharmaceutical standards
and carry labels saying what they can be used for, doses and possible
side effects, among other things.

If the USA followed those standards, the country would need tougher
standards on supplements, but the supplements wouldn't have to
go through the rigorous drug approval process that costs millions
of dollars.

Tyler says the government should set standards for reasonable
certainty of efficacy and absolute standards for safety. That
would mean many herbs would have to be tested, and supplement
makers would have to pay for the research.

"But it's an enormously profitable business, so we're not asking
them to go bankrupt," Tyler says. "We are just asking them to
invest a small amount of their profits in research that would
show they were safe and effective."

Contributing: Nanci Hellmich

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Steve Barrett for USA TODAY

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              76 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   August 20, 1997, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Fed refrains, Dow rejoices, erasing loss

BYLINE: James Kim; Lorrie Grant

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 408 words


The Federal Reserve's decision not to boost interest rates and
an end to the UPS strike helped rally stocks Tuesday.

The Dow Jones industrial average surged 114.74 to 7918.10. Coupled
with Monday's 109-point gain, the Dow has now recovered virtually
all of Friday's 247-point (3.1%) drop.


Broader indexes also jumped Tuesday. The Nasdaq composite index,
heavy with technology companies, surged 31.19 to 1600.71, and
the Standard & Poor's 500 gained 13.52 to 926.01. Bond prices
inched higher, pushing yields on benchmark 30-year Treasuries
to 6.51% from 6.52% Monday.

In early trading, investors bid stocks up in anticipation of the
Fed's decision, announced midday. That at 5.5% the rate at which
banks make overnight loans to each other. Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan
and other Fed governors, as well as Wall Street, believe that
favorable economic conditions -- for now -- remain in place: moderate
growth, low unemployment and low inflation.

Investors were also buoyed by a tentative settlement to the 15-day
UPS strike. Some economists were concerned that a continued strike
would have eventually snarled business, especially for small companies.
Now "it doesn't look like it will be a big downer for (corporate)
earnings," says Bill Allyn, stock trader at Jeffries & Co.

Given the market's comeback the past two sessions and the current
economic climate, market experts doubt that a bear market is brewing.

"Given what's happening in the economy, the market's fundamentals
still look good," said L. Douglas Lee, economist with HSBC Washington
Analysis.

But economists also warn that conditions could change.

"Many people expect the economy to be stronger in the second
half of the year," Lee adds. That could lead to rising wages
and prices, which the Fed would try to curb.

"We'll see some interest rate tightening by the Fed before the
end of the year," predicts Bob Brusca, economist at Nikko Securities.


Dow rebounds

A two-day stock market rally erases virtually all of Friday's
247-point slide.

Dow Jones industrial average

Thurs:  7942   Fri:  7695
Tues:  7918

Standard & Poor's 500

Thurs:  925    Fri:  901
Tues:  926

Nasdaq composite

Thurs:  1587   Fri:  1562
Tues:  1601

NYSE composite

Thurs:  480    Fri:  469
Tues:  480

Russell 2000

Thurs:  412    Fri:  409
Tues:  414



LOAD-DATE: August 20, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              77 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 29, 1997, Friday, FINAL EDITION

...Third and long Rice comparisons, injuries encumber Stokes' first years

BYLINE: Richard Weiner

SECTION: BONUS; Pg. 4E

LENGTH: 1058 words


The problem is that people have seen what J.J. Stokes can do at
this level.

Had he not shown flashes of brilliance between injuries, it would
be simple -- albeit extremely painful and, for that matter, costly
-- for the San Francisco 49ers to cross him off as a first-round
bust. They'd eat the salary after another year or so and think
harder next time about trading four draft picks to move up and
grab a receiver in the first round. And, perhaps, people would
be more careful when anointing someone "the next Jerry Rice."


But aside from a costly case of the drops in a big game last season
at Green Bay, Stokes has teased the team. Stokes, UCLA's all-time
leading receiver when he left in 1995, has averaged 13.7 yards
on 56 catches for 766 yards and four TDs.

The discrepancy, of course, is that those statistics are spread
over two seasons. Stokes, 6-foot-5, 212, broke his right hand
during his first training camp and missed the first four games
of the 1995 season. Last year, he went down after just six games
because of a dislocated right wrist. Then, Stokes ripped a hamstring
muscle on the opening day of Steve Mariucci's first minicamp.
Apparently, Stokes overtrained, making his leg muscles more susceptible.

Of course the 49ers would be in much more of a state of panic
had they not drafted one of the steals of the 1996 class, third-rounder
Terrell Owens. In just one season, Owens became the receiver they
looked for in Stokes.

Still, there is this matter of swapping first-round selections
to move up to get Stokes, giving up another first rounder in 1996
and two other high picks. Stokes' seven-year, $ 8.45 million contract,
including a $ 2.85 million signing bonus, lends importance , too.

That the 49ers have thrown open the competition for the "X"
receiver, opposite Rice, wasn't in their plans when they whooped
it up on draft day in 1995, either. Ideally for the 49ers, Stokes
and Owens will become the next generation's Rice and John Taylor.

Oops. There it goes again. Stokes figured, after a few months,
that "next Jerry Rice stuff" would go away.

But he still hears it. Actually, Stokes hears a lot of things
these days.

Take the issue of his practice habits. This started his first
day in training camp, when George Seifert was all over the rookie
for not knowing all the plays. Stokes, meanwhile, was having problems
with the change of climate from where he had been working out
in San Diego.

Veterans grumbled; some haven't stopped.

This leads to unfair comparisons. Stokes was the first receiver
taken in the first round by the 49ers in 10 years, the first since
. . . Rice. Rice and Stokes were downgraded by some scouts because
of their timed speed for 40 yards. Both struggled with drops early
on. Both are big targets. Both . . . well, you can understand
what is happening here.

"There won't be another Jerry Rice, another Joe Montana," Stokes
says. "I thought that would just roll off, that eventually people
would say, 'That's J.J. Stokes,' not 'the next Jerry Rice.' But
it hasn't.

"With all due respect, I don't want to be the next Jerry Rice.
He is the all-time greatest receiver, with all the records. I
want to be the first and only J.J. Stokes."

Stokes, 24, is not pretentious -- he still drives the 1965 Mustang
he used while attending San Diego's Point Loma High.

But even 49ers director of player personnel Vinny Cerrato acknowledges
that the injury streak has to affect Stokes in some manner. A
deep thigh bruise forced Stokes to miss five games during his
senior year at UCLA, all of which the Bruins lost.

Stokes went so far as to visit a self-described "confidence coach"
for three days during the offseason. Stokes, who has found himself
sleepless many nights just waiting to get back on the field, was
urged to return to everyday habits used while he was so successful
at UCLA. He watches movies (any kind) to relax, constantly plugging
in to his portable CD player (preferably old reggae).

His new motto even sounds like a Jimmy Cliff lyric: "Do what
you do best; don't worry too much 'bout the rest."

The preseason was a microcosm of Stokes' career -- he dropped
five passes against Seattle. In all, he caught 11 passes for 122
yards and will start the opener, in part because Owens only recently
returned from a foot injury.

Meanwhile, 49ers executives such as Cerrato, President Carmen
Policy and general manager Dwight Clark all tell reporters, "I
can't wait" until Stokes breaks through this.

"They can't wait?" Stokes says. "What about me?"

TEXT OF INFO BOXES BEGIN HERE

J.J. STOKES' CAREER TOTALS

Year   Games   Catches   Yards   Avg.   TDs
1995   12         38       517    13.6    4
1996    6         18       249    13.8    0
Total  18         56       766    13.7    4

Postseason stats

Year   Games   Catches   Yards   Avg.   TDs
1995    1            3      34   11.3    0
1996    0            0       0     --     0

Source: USA TODAY research

The heat is also on . . .

Several other former No. 1 picks must make statements in the 1997
season about whether they belong in the NFL.

Player, pos.           Team        NFL
                                   exp.    Comment
Trezelle Jenkins, OT  Kansas City  3   Extremely limited in past playing time,
skill.
Eric Curry, DE        Tampa Bay    5   Apparently doesn't believe in sacks.
Kyle Brady, TE        N.Y. Jets    3   Could star in Monty Python sketch on "how

 not to be seen."
John Thierry, DE      Chicago      4   A man without a position. Grid geeks call

 him a "tweener."
Dave Brown, QB        N.Y. Giants  6   If Jim Fassel can't help him, he can't be

 helped.
Wayne Gandy, OT       St. Louis    4   Strong preseason boosts his chances.
Marvin Jones, LB      N.Y. Jets    5   Always injured, in danger of losing
starting job.

Compiled by Larry Weisman

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Robert Hanashiro, USA TODAY

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              79 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     October 3, 1997, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Tour of bourbon landmarks is vintage Kentucky

BYLINE: Jerry Shriver

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 1963 words

DATELINE: LORETTO, Ky.


LORETTO, Ky. -- Giant cypresswood vats full of oatmeal-like glop
roil and spit like the swamps of hell and fill the air with the
perfume of heaven (or at least Kentucky).

Yes, T.W. Samuels Jr. is making some more of his Maker's Mark
bourbon whiskey. The fermenting sour mash of corn, wheat, yeast
and limestone-filtered spring water is what's causing all the
commotion in the still room.

"We let people stick their finger in it and everything," says
Samuels, president of the family company now owned by beverage
giant Hiram Walker. "The cypress vats don't make the whiskey
taste any better, but we keep them for sentimental reasons. If
you walked into this place in the 1880s, this is what you'd have
seen."


Samuels, a fourth-generation distiller, is earnest about preserving
bourbon's place in history. He has restored most of the 1880s
buildings here on the 650-acre property his father bought in 1953
and has made the distillery inviting to tourists. Now he's working
with others in the industry to establish a driving trail of "bourbon
landmarks" through central Kentucky, where the drink was developed
in the mid-1800s. These sites will include distilleries, museums,
classic inns and bars, and historic markers.

Samuels predicts the brochures and signs will be in place by early
next year, but progress sometimes creeps along in the tradition-bound
bourbon world.

The timing is important, however, because some bourbons are commanding
attention again after decades of decline. Not the rough, mass-produced
potions long associated with old men from the rural South. The
new stars are deluxe, cognac-like versions, snatched up by well-heeled,
cigar-smoking connoisseurs here and abroad.

"We're seeing hand-to-hand combat in the connoisseur market,"
says Jonathan Driver of United Distillers in Louisville, which
makes several premium bourbons.

Boom and bust periods have been part of American whiskey lore
since colonial times -- it was the Whiskey Rebellion of the 1790s,
and the pioneering spirit, that spurred some distillers to move
to this region.

Here they found a climate suitable for growing whiskey's essential
grains, oak trees to make barrels and limestone-filtered spring
water. When area distillers gradually discovered that the aging
of whiskey for several years in charred oak barrels mellowed it
and gave it a distinctive reddish color, the crucial link in bourbon's
development solidified.

Visitors to the region quickly discover that George Washington,
Abe Lincoln, Ulysses S. Grant, Baptist ministers, Catholic missionaries
and a host of eccentric entrepreneurs all shaped whiskey -- and
local -- history. A formal bourbon trail isn't yet in place, but
fans can still explore how bourbon fits into the landscape.

Most of the state's 10 distilleries are in two clusters, connected
by the scenic Blue Grass Parkway. The western group is centered
on the Bardstown area. One of the numerous attractions in the
charming, history-steeped town, founded in 1788, is the Oscar
Getz Museum of Whiskey History. Bourbon buffs can pore over old
barrels, Prohibition posters and a copy of Abe Lincoln's liquor
license.

While strolling the town center you might also spot resident legend
Booker Noe, grandson of bourbon kingpin Jim Beam and a master
distiller in his own right. (His take on bourbon's resurgence:
"When a person reaches his peak in life, they're not looking
to get a terrible bang on, just something that changes their attitude.
You just sip it and say, 'Hell, it don't matter.' ")

Noe's family legacy can be plumbed in nearby Clermont at the Jim
Beam Distillery. Instead of a factory tour, the American Outpost
visitor's center offers a film and displays of barrel making and
what purports to be the country's oldest still, from the 1790s.
Alongside is the T. Jeremiah Beam House, a national landmark built
in 1911.

Heading south through rolling hills and tobacco fields, you eventually
encounter Maker's Mark, the first beverage factory to be declared
a national landmark. Of all the distillery tours, this one offers
the best feel for the old ways.

"We try to preserve all but the awful from yesterday," Samuels
says.

Just west in nearby New Haven, next to the railroad tracks, is
the Sherwood Inn, a National Register building from 1870 that
seems pleasantly stuck in the 1930s. The sample room where traveling
salesmen used to show their wares to merchants now connects to
the restaurant with the classic tin-roofed bar.

A few miles south of New Haven is Knob Creek, an early home of
Abe Lincoln when he and his father worked briefly in a distillery.
One of today's popular premium bourbons borrows the Knob Creek
name.

The eastern distilleries are centered just west of Lexington.
The don't-miss attraction there is the Labrot & Graham distillery,
outside Versailles. Surrounded by perfectly manicured horse farms,
the factory claims to be Kentucky's oldest operating distillery,
dating to the 1840s. Closed in 1973, it reopened last fall with
a state-of-the-art visitors' center.

John Vidal, of parent company Brown-Forman, suggests with a straight
face that the calcium-rich spring water "that helps make the
racehorses' bones strong" and is also used in the bourbon might
have "similar benefits for humans."

A final stop should be Georgetown, bourbon's legendary, but not
actual, birthplace. Bourbon evolved -- it wasn't "discovered"
-- and historians don't know who made the charred oak barrel connection.
But a historical maker in a park next to the Royal Spring, a source
for fresh drinking water, attributes the "discovery" to Baptist
minister Elijah Craig, who founded the town.

Says historian Charles Hicks: "They say Craig was the one that
invented bourbon, but I highly doubt that. . . . It's a thing
they play around with. We do know Craig was a whiskey maker.
We can say that for sure."

TEXT OF INFO BOXES BEGIN HERE

If you're going . . .

The gently rolling back roads and efficient Blue Grass Parkway
connecting central Kentucky's bourbon distilleries are splendid
driving routes. Two distillery tours are enough to teach you bourbon
basics; spend the rest of the time exploring other aspects of
Kentucky culture.

SIGHTSEEING: Central Kentucky was known as the "cradle
of Catholicism" along the early-1800s frontier, and some significant
religious sites are open to visitors. The Loretto Motherhouse
(Nerinx Road, near Loretto), founded in 1812, was home to the
first religious community of women in the USA. Nearby is the 1823
Holy Cross Church (Hwy. 49, Holy Cross), which sits near the site
of the first Catholic church built west of the Allegheny Mountains
in 1792. St. Joseph Proto-Cathedral in Bardstown was the first
Catholic cathedral west of the Alleghenies, built 1816-1819. The
149-year-old Abbey of Gethsemani (Hwy. 247, near New Haven) is
the USA's oldest Trappist monastery. Its monks are famous for
making cheese and bourbon-spiked fruitcake and fudge. You can
stroll the grounds and go on retreats, but to buy the food products
head to the nearby Cream Station in New Haven.

Historic Bardstown offers secular attractions as well. My Old
Kentucky Home State Park features the 1795 Federal Hill house
that inspired Stephen Foster to write the state song in 1853 (tours:
adults, $ 4; children, $ 2). Spalding Hall houses both the Oscar
Getz Museum of Whiskey History (donation requested) and the Bardstown
Historical Museum (donation), featuring Lincoln memorabilia, singer
Jenny Lind's velvet cape and Stephen Foster's clarinet.

DINING: The elegantly appointed Seelbach Hotel in Louisville
is 45 minutes from bourbon country but well worth the drive to
sample chef Jim Gerhardt's refined regional cuisine in the Oakroom.
A meal costs about $ 35. The Old Talbott Tavern in Bardstown has
served hearty fare since 1779 to guests such as Lewis and Clark
and George Patton. Try the bourbon-soaked carrots and burgoo stew.
Meals about $ 23.

SIPPING: Distilleries don't offer product samples, so head
to the Bourbon Tavern at the Bardstonian in Bardstown, which serves
tasting portions of a variety of bourbons. Or go to the 122-year-old
Sherwood Inn in New Haven for a genuine time-warp experience;
choose from several dozen bourbons by the glass.

LODGING: Bardstown offers several historically significant
lodging options, in addition to standard motels and small hotels.
Jailer's Inn B&B encompasses two renovated jails, which you
can tour ($ 2.50) or stay in ($ 65-$ 95 per night). Besides its restaurant,
The Old Talbott Tavern offers seven rooms ($ 70-$ 105). The 1851-vintage
Mansion B&B has antique-filled rooms ($ 85).

INFORMATION: Bardstown-Nelson County Tourist &
Convention Commission, 800-638-4877.

Six varieties that put a premium on flavor

Sweet and powerful premium bourbon whiskeys are pumping life into
this corner of the beverage world.

By law, a bourbon must contain at least 51% corn in its mash recipe.
It must be distilled at 160 proof (80% alcohol) or less and be
aged in new, charred, white oak barrels for at least two years.

The deluxe, cognac-like bourbons, advertised as "single batch,"
"vintage" or "small barrel" bottlings, get extra care. They're
usually aged at least seven to 10 years, distilled at a higher
proof and are more complex.

"This is the golden age for distillers because everybody is taking
steps back in time, doing it the old-fashioned way," notes Gary
Regan, co-author with Mardee Haidin Regan of The Book of Bourbon
(Chapters, $ 29.95).

Here are six varieties worth investigating (prices are for a 750-milliliter
bottle):

-- Baker's, 107 proof, $ 35. Within the Jim Beam line of
bourbons, many critics prefer the 120-plus proof Booker's ($ 50).
But this fine companion is friendlier, has a more compelling bouquet
and offers complex flavors of nuts, vanilla and caramel.

-- Blanton's Single Barrel, 93 proof, $ 50. Citrus and
cinnamon aromas give way to flavors of pepper and butterscotch.

-- Maker's Mark, 90 proof, $ 18. A mellow whiskey, sweeter
than most, with honey and butterscotch notes.

-- W.L. Weller Centennial, 100 proof, $ 40. Soft and complex,
full of raisin flavors with notes of nutmeg and vanilla.

-- Evan Williams 1988 Vintage, 86.6 proof, $ 20. Butter
and caramel flavors open up when mixed with water.

-- Woodford Reserve Distiller's Select, 90.4 proof, $ 30.
Exceedingly smooth, with a long, dry finish.

See the spirits in the making on distillery tours

The full bourbon experience blossoms during the annual Kentucky
Bourbon Festival in Bardstown, held during the third week in September.

This year's fest drew about 32,000 fans. Activities include distillery
and town tours, country music concerts and barrel-rolling contests.
The climax is a black-tie gala featuring tastings of several dozen
bourbons (information: 800-638-4877).

Throughout the year, some distilleries offer free tours (always
call ahead). Visitors aren't allowed to sample the product, but
most places sell bottles in their gift shops. Some options:

-- Age International, 1001 Wilkinson Blvd., Frankfort;
502-223-9874.

-- Jim Beam Distilling Co., Hwy. 245, Clermont; 502-543-9877.

-- Boulevard Distillers, Tyrone Road, off Hwy. 62, Lawrenceburg;
502-839-4544.

-- Four Roses Distillery, 1224 Bonds Mill Rd., Lawrenceburg;
502-839-3436.

-- Heaven Hill Distillery, Hwy. 49, Bardstown; 502-348-3921.

-- Labrot & Graham Distillery, 7855 McCracken Pike,
Versailles; 606-879-1812.

-- Maker's Mark, 3350 Burks Spring Rd., off Hwy. 49, Loretto;
502-865-2099.


LOAD-DATE: October 06, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, USA TODAY (Map); PHOTOS, B/W, Michael Clevenger for USA
TODAY (5)

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              84 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 27, 1997, Monday, FIRST EDITION

Latin players sport high Series profile

BYLINE: Chuck Johnson

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 970 words

DATELINE: MIAMI


MIAMI -- When you cut through the low TV ratings and other aspersions
cast on this World Series, there's an entirely different take
that would have made Roberto Clemente proud.

The impact of Latin American players in baseball's premier event,
and the game in general, is the most since Clemente was named
Series MVP in 1971.

"I'm sure it's a dream come true for him," Roberto Clemente
Jr., 32, said of his Hall of Fame father. "He would be very proud
to see that Hispanic players are finally getting their respect
and recognition."


In this, the 25th year since Clemente died in a plane crash while
delivering aid to earthquake victims in Nicaragua, it's fitting
Sandy Alomar Jr., Moises Alou and Livan Hernandez are three of
the leading stars in this World Series, each a strong MVP candidate.

Entering Game 7, Alomar, the All-Star Game MVP, was batting .400
with two homers and 10 RBI; Alou was hitting .348 with three homers
and nine RBI; and Hernandez had twice outdueled Cleveland's Orel
Hershiser to win his starts.

As Latin American players, their success can be seen as a tribute
to the Puerto Rican-born Clemente. The dazzling right fielder
for the Pittsburgh Pirates spent much of his career as an outspoken
leader for Spanish-speaking players.

"My father played 18 years, and he saw what difficulties Latin
American players had in terms of not being understood or respected
because of the language barrier," Clemente Jr. said.

Baseball now provides interpreters and tutors, but that wasn't
the case when Clemente played.

"There were only certain writers he would talk to because he
didn't want to be misquoted," Clemente Jr. said. "It was very
difficult to make himself understood and, because of that, a lot
of people took him the wrong way."

Clemente Jr., a Yankees broadcaster for the Madison Square Garden
Network, was 6 at the time of his father's death Dec. 31, 1972.
"It left a big hole in my life," he said. "I still miss him."

Baseball's humanitarian award, won this year by Baltimore's Eric
Davis, is named in Clemente's honor. A Disney movie on Clemente's
life and career is in the works.

Since Clemente became the first Latin American to be named Series
MVP, there has been only one other: Pedro Guerrero shared the
award with Dodgers teammates Ron Cey and Steve Yeager in 1981.

The emergence of players such as Alou, Hernandez and Alomar comes
in a season dedicated to the 50th anniversary of Jackie Robinson's
debut. Robinson opened the game for African-Americans, and Clemente
took that torch and carried it for Latin players.

"When people talked about his career, my dad always said there
were plenty more Latin players who could do the same given an
opportunity," Clemente Jr. said. "He's looking upon us very,
very proud."

Bad omen for Marlins?

The corridor outside the Marlins' clubhouse was filled with huge
clouds of choking and acrid smoke two hours before game time Sunday
night. It was the result of a fish fry gone awry. The Indians
entered Game 7 hoping to start another fish fry, Marlins-style.

Has Belle's number

No one has seen Albert Belle at this World Series, but his number
has been visible. Indians first base coach Dave Nelson has worn
No. 8 all season.

"Albert and I have a great relationship," Nelson said. "When
he left, Tony Fernandez came on with our ballclub and he wanted
No. 1. That was my number, so I had to give up No. 1. I looked
at what numbers we had left, and I didn't like some of them, but
there was Albert's number. So I took Albert's number in honor
of him."

Nelson has taken some ribbing in Cleveland for wearing the number
of the former Indians slugger. Belle signed last winter with the
rival Chicago White Sox, and some fans still are unforgiving.

"I tease people when I say I'll give it a little class and character,"
Nelson said.

"Sometimes people ask, 'Why would you wear that?' Well, why wouldn't
I? . . . He did some great things in Cleveland. Yes, he left the
fans with a bitter taste because of the way he left. But you can't
knock the things he's done in Cleveland. This guy put some great
numbers on the board. I have a lot of respect for Albert. He's
a friend.

"I really think deep inside he's pulling for us," Nelson said.
"I have no doubt in my mind that he'd like to see us win. I wish
he was a part of it."

Bip and the bug

The drastic changes in climate during the Series made a casualty
of second baseman Bip Roberts. The Indians' leadoff hitter was
nursing the flu Sunday and was not in the Game 7 starting lineup,
replaced by Tony Fernandez, who drove in Cleveland's first two
runs.

"We got back to Cleveland late one night and I had to unload
a car, and I started sweating in that 30-degree weather," Roberts
said Saturday night. "I developed a sore throat, and it just
went from there.'

Roberts was able to play the three games in Cleveland, although
he wasn't feeling well. But the bug finally caught up with him
in Game 6 in the fifth inning after he singled and was picked
off by Kevin Brown (officially a caught stealing).

"I've been dehydrated the last few days," he said. "My whole
thing was to try to gut this thing out. But for some reason, I
just want to go lay down."

'Late Show' visits

The crew for David Letterman's CBS-TV show, led by stage manager
Biff Henderson, was on the field before Game 6 to do a segment
for tonight. Florida third baseman Bobby Bonilla was among the
willing foils.

"Have you ever pulled somebody else's groin?" Bonilla was asked.
"No, I haven't had that pleasure," the player said. Henderson
got Bonilla laughing when he asked him if he felt guilty pre-empting
Seinfeld.

Contributing: Mel Antonen, Rod Beaton, Hal Bodley

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Mike Blake, Reuters; PHOTO, b/w, Pat Sullivan, AP; PHOTO,
b/w, Hans Deryk, AP

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              86 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 28, 1997, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Clinton signs 2 spending bills worth $108.5B; could veto parts

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 375 words


President Clinton signed two more spending bills Monday, and he
has until Saturday to use his line-item veto power to strike specific
items. One bill provides $ 40.1 billion for transportation agencies.
The other provides $ 68.4 billion for environmental, veterans,
housing, community development, space and science programs. Clinton
wanted more money for toxic waste cleanup and to tackle climate
change and ozone depletion. The president has signed seven of
the 13 annual appropriations bills. Two are awaiting final congressional
passage and four are bogged down in partisan disputes.


CLINTON STUMBLE: President Clinton stumbled while climbing
the steps to the helicopter that ferried him from the White House
to Andrews Air Force Base in suburban Maryland. Clinton caught
himself by grabbing a railing. A White House physician checked
the president to make sure he hadn't reinjured a ruptured tendon
in his right knee. Clinton continued with his trip to Chicago
for the continuation of his wife's 50th birthday celebration.

FOREIGN MONEY: An Indonesian couple who gave $ 450,000 to
the Democratic Party at the direction of fund-raiser John Huang
got the money overseas while Huang still was an official at the
Commerce Department, Senate aides said. Arief Wiriadinata and
his wife, Soraya, told investigators they got the money from Indonesia
in November 1995 to make donations because Huang told them it
would help their businesses, aides said.

BORDER PATROLS: House and Senate negotiators agreed to
remove from the pending Defense Department bill a provision to
deploy 10,000 troops along the Mexican border to help catch illegal
immigrants and drug smugglers. Border-state lawmakers said such
action is a job for the U.S. Border Patrol, not the military.

ALSO . . . The Treasury's redesigned $ 50 bills were sent
to banks and will begin circulating to consumers. The new bills,
harder to counterfeit, still feature former president Ulysses
S. Grant. . . . The Senate confirmed former House speaker Tom
Foley, D-Wash., as ambassador to Japan and former senator Wyche
Fowler, D-Ga., as ambassador to Saudi Arabia. Air Force Lt. Gen.
John Gordon was confirmed as deputy director of the CIA.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              91 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 2, 1997, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Kyoto-bound Gore accepts political risks in making trip

BYLINE: Mimi Hall

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 706 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Al Gore wrote the book on global warming. Literally.

So it would seem like a no-brainer that the vice president and
author of Earth in the Balance would go to Kyoto, Japan,
to attend the 10-day negotiations on a treaty to limit emissions
of greenhouse gases.

But it wasn't that simple.

On Monday, Gore announced that he will fly to Kyoto next week
to present the United States' much-criticized position in a speech
to the 1,500 delegates from more than 160 countries.


He'll leave Washington late Saturday, spend about 12 hours on
the ground in Kyoto on Monday, then fly home.

"I'm going in order to demonstrate the commitment of the administration
to solving that problem," Gore said.

But his last-minute decision to go followed weeks of debate and
political calculation. And even as it was announced Monday, Gore
deliberately tried to dampen expectations for what may be accomplished
in Kyoto.

"We are perfectly prepared to walk away from an agreement that
we don't think will work," he said.

Because most of the countries at the meeting disagree on how to
limit greenhouse gases, which many scientists blame for the worldwide
rise in temperature that started in the 19th century, the conference
could end with no agreement on a treaty.

And the modest U.S. proposal -- to reduce industrial nations'
carbon dioxide and other emissions that cause greenhouse gases
to 1990 levels by 2012 -- is seen as too weak by environmentalists
and too stringent by labor unions and industry.

So some of Gore's advisers counseled him for weeks not to go to
Kyoto. They said he would risk setting himself up for failure,
if efforts to cement a treaty fall apart, and would further alienate
Democratic constituencies that already are unhappy with the administration's
proposal.

"It may not be a politic decision, but it's a principled decision,"
says Democratic pollster Mark Mellman. Gore is "committed to
the issue and cares a little bit less about the political fallout
than he does about the substance."

But others do see it as politics -- that Gore has embraced the
environment as an issue and couldn't afford to turn his back on
such an important meeting.

Paul Portney, president of Resources for the Future, a think tank
on the environment, says Gore probably wanted to go, in part,
to keep environmentalists from backing his presumed rival for
the Democratic presidential nomination in 2000, House Minority
Leader Richard Gephardt, D-Mo.

"I'm sure the vice president thinks it's important he keep the
environmentalists on his side, because Gephardt has made inroads
with labor and some of the other traditionally Democratic constituencies,"
Portney says.

But "there's no reason for him to go now," says Democratic consultant
Brian Lunde. "He'll only be the bearer of bad news for the environmentalists.
. . . It's about pandering to an interest group; it's not about
getting a treaty."

Gore spokeswoman Ginny Terzano says politics, particularly Gore's
prospects during his expected presidential campaign, did not play
a dominant role in his decision to go.

Gore "cares passionately about this," she says. "He wants to
help make the United States' case, putting aside what the political
ups and downs may be."

Environmentalists welcomed Gore's decision but warned that he
would not necessarily win their support for the U.S. treaty proposal.

"As the man who wrote that global warming put the Earth in the
balance, I don't think he had any choice but to go," says Dan
Becker of the Sierra Club, a 540,000-member environmental group.
"We will call the treaty on its merits."

The trip also comes at a sensitive time: Today, Attorney General
Janet Reno was scheduled to announce whether she will seek the
appointment of an independent counsel to investigate Gore's and
President Clinton's fund-raising practices.

She was not expected to do so. But if she does, Gore could find
himself in a situation Clinton has faced repeatedly as a statesman
abroad: a press corps less interested in the official news of
the day than in trying to ask embarrassing domestic political
questions.

Contributing: Bill Nichols

LOAD-DATE: December 03, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Ruth Fremson, AP

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              92 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 3, 1997, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

User friendly -- and not Readers turn up the good, bad

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 10D

LENGTH: 725 words


What consumer products are easy to use? Difficult? Just plain
unfriendly? Tech Extra asked readers to share their ideas of the
good, the bad and the ugly in user interfaces. A sampling of responses:

At home, I have an answering machine that takes just one press
of a button to retrieve or delete messages. At work, my voice
mail makes me press 23 numbers just to get one message! Deleting
a message takes three numbers. Can't there be a simpler way? No
wonder I cringe when my message light blinks at my work phone.


-- Jahn Farrington, Seattle

The best idea for the business traveler that I have seen in more
and more hotels lately is the self-service business centers, where
with a swipe of a credit card, one can use the fax, copier, printer,
and computers with e-mail and Internet access.

-- Joe Manotti, Eastern College admissions representative,
Camp Hill, Pa.

My nomination for an easy-to-use and very entertaining piece of
equipment I have enjoyed using is called WebTV. I have never purchased
an electronic device that is so easy to use and so much fun! I
have e-mailed people all over the world and rediscovered long-lost
relatives. . . . It is the very best way to surf the Internet
at a very low cost and especially easy for the person who is computer
illiterate. . . . Everyone I show it to wants one immediately,
and I am responsible for the sale of at least four so far. I should
be getting a commission.

-- Jane Stratton, Knoxville, Tenn.

I've used desktop computers since the dawn of the IBM PC and have
slogged through all of the incomparable software since. I thought
that Windows was supposed to sort most of this out (akin to the
Macintosh), but I guess I was wrong. Beyond the simple commands
of 'File Save,' 'File Print' and 'File Save As,' the interfaces
have some serious compatibility problems. When people in our office
ask why Lotus' or Serif's command structure is different from
Microsoft's and why they have to learn them differently, I pine
for the serenity of a Macintosh (even though I do not own one!).

-- Ken Cerveny, Lakewood, Ohio

My nomination is your own puzzle page (bad): www
.usatoday.com/life/puzzles/puzzle.htm.
My assumption is that most hits on this page are to download today's
puzzle. However, one must scroll down to get to the icon for downloading.
This icon should be right up there near the top.

-- Gary Irons, Marriottsville, Md.

My buttons are pushed by . . . PC software that has 'Help,' but
gives no help that's useful.

-- Dennis Johnson, Birmingham, Ala.

Service-station pump credit-card readers: No two brands of service
stations' pay-at-the-pump readers are the same. In Houston, Exxon's
and Race Trac's are the worst. In fact, Race Trac's are so bad
that I refuse to patronize them, although they are the low-price
provider in Houston.

-- Jon Bennett, Houston

Our friend held a dinner party at her apartment in downtown Dallas.
There is a gated courtyard area that requires a code to enter
her building. All guests were given the entry code with the invitation.
As the party began to end, guests left and repeatedly returned
within minutes. No one could figure out how to get out of the
courtyard. There was no key pad, like on the entrance. . . . The
building designers (had) placed a large, unmarked red button about
15 feet from the exit that must be pressed to release the gate.
However, the large red button is directly next to the fire alarm.
Who in their right mind would expect people to hit a red button
next to a fire alarm?

-- Marla Williams, Irving, Texas

I have a whole list of gripes relating to the "user interface"
of my 1990 Olds Silhouette minivan. The turn-signal flasher arrows
on the dash are located such that at turnpike speeds, when you
go to change lanes, the right arrow is hidden beneath the speedometer
arrow. You can't see the thing to tell whether it's flashing.
(And) it is impossible to turn the climate control system off
or on, or make an adjustment to it without taking your eyes from
the road. . . . It is necessary to look around the steering wheel
to find the wiper controls. To make matters worse, these are sliders,
undoubtedly one of the hardest types of controls to manipulate
correctly while driving.

-- Lawrence D. Smith, Middletown, Pa.

LOAD-DATE: December 03, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              94 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 9, 1997, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Environment conference progressing, Gore says

BYLINE: Traci Watson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 398 words

DATELINE: KYOTO, Japan


KYOTO, Japan -- Vice President Gore ended his visit to the global
warming talks here Tuesday by maintaining that his eight-hour
visit had pushed the discussion forward.

"I came here because I care about (the issue) and because I thought
I could help the process . . . and generate momentum," Gore said.
"And I think I've done that."


During his visit, Gore gave a speech to delegates, met with environmental
groups and spoke with members of Congress.

Some progress has been made since Gore's morning speech, observers
say. Diplomats from the United States, Japan and Europe were said
to be meeting quietly, perhaps to work out an agreement that could
be announced soon.

A united front by the industrialized countries could help persuade
developing nations to agree to future limits on so-called greenhouse
gases. Only the industrialized nations would be bound by any agreement
reached here.

But the industrialized nations have expended significant energy
on squabbling with each other. And the vice president's visit
didn't end the public wrangling.

At a session Monday afternoon, diplomats went back and forth on
a subject they had already discussed for hours: how many greenhouse
gases the treaty should limit.

Most scientists think that greenhouse gases -- some of which occur
naturally but which also are emitted by cars, power plants and
factories -- have already led to global warming. The gases prevent
heat from escaping the Earth, much as panes of glass trap heat
inside a greenhouse.

Scientists fear that temperatures could increase as much as 6
degrees Fahrenheit by 2100 if emissions are not controlled, and
that resulting weather will bring droughts, floods from melting
ice and storms.

The United States wants the treaty to limit emissions of carbon
dioxide, methane, nitrous oxide, hydrofluorocarbons, perfluorocarbons
and sulfur hexafluoride. The European nations, at least in public,
want the treaty to cover only the first three.

In a Monday afternoon session, the U.S. delegates proposed a compromise
that included lesser limits on all six. Canadian and Japanese
delegates expressed their support. The British delegate, on behalf
of the European nations, shot it down.

At that point, the delegate from India complained that the negotiations
were going in circles. No one disputed his statement.

LOAD-DATE: December 09, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, AP

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              96 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 11, 1997, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Global warming deal required a world of give-and-take

BYLINE: Traci Watson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 639 words

DATELINE: KYOTO, Japan


KYOTO, Japan -- Environmentalists and industry figures already
are bashing the newborn global warming treaty. But the fact that
a treaty was approved at all seems something of a minor miracle.

As late as Tuesday night, a White House official was putting the
odds of achieving an agreement at less than 50-50. But the countries'
desires to achieve a treaty eventually overcame their differences.
With many world leaders facing heavy political pressure at home
to get a pact, delegates from more than 160 countries were forced
to make significant compromises. The result is a treaty that has
something for everyone, though not everyone is happy.

The accord came only as the end of the 10-day conference loomed
and after much diplomatic heavy lifting. But the result is an
unprecedented agreement on curbing the so-called greenhouse gases,
such as carbon dioxide, that scientists say accumulate in the
atmosphere and trap heat. The result of global warming could include
fiercer storms, droughts and a rise in sea levels.

World leaders have been on the phone with one another regularly
to try to resolve the conflicts. In the last few days of the meeting,
President Clinton spoke to Russian President Boris Yeltsin, British
Prime Minister Tony Blair, German Prime Minister Helmut Kohl and
Japanese Prime Minister Ryutaro Hashimoto.

All the major parties had to make concessions.

The Europeans had to settle for emission limits ranging from 6%
to 8% below 1990 levels during the period from 2008 through 2012.
The European nations had wanted a reduction of 15% below 1990
levels by 2010. The United States, however, considered a 15% figure
ludicrous, and the Europeans conceded.

In return, the Europeans extracted U.S. concessions on how strict
the limits would be on six greenhouse gases. The Americans pressed
hard for strict limits on the six; the Europeans and Japanese
wanted only three limited. The treaty covers all six but places
less strict limits on the three gases that the Europeans and Japanese
objected to.

Despite heavy lobbying, the Americans had to walk away without
one element they wanted: a clause that would allow developing
countries to take on limits voluntarily.

The Americans also had to settle for a delay on their long-sought
emissions trading system. Under such a system, a country could
buy the right to exceed its emissions limit from a country that
had not used up its own. The proposal was accepted but placed
on hold for a year while delegates decide how it will work.

Though the United States and Europe may be dissatisfied with the
treaty, some countries are more than dissatisfied: they are unhappy.
The oil-producing nations, whose income depends on the burning
of fossil fuels that emit greenhouse gases, would have preferred
no treaty at all. And low-lying island nations, which risk submersion
by rising sea levels, were hoping for a much stricter limit.

Now that the fight to get a treaty is over, a fight in the United
States is brewing: whether the Senate will ratify the agreement
as required by law.

Already, key senators have said that any global warming treaty
that doesn't include emission limits on developing countries --
especially China, Brazil and India -- will never make it through
the Senate.

During an eight-hour visit here Monday, Vice President Gore seemed
to relish the idea of a battle with the Senate. "It would be
a real knock-down, drag-out debate that would be great for the
country," he said.

Still, it is unlikely that President Clinton will send the pact
to the Senate anytime soon. The rules for the trading system will
not be made final until next November, and the administration
also will need to work out how to implement the treaty before
sending it to the Senate.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              101 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 12, 1997, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Last men on the moon say it's time for a return trip

BYLINE: Paul Hoversten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 300 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- The moon's soil could provide an almost unlimited
source of energy for power plants on Earth and for spacecraft
exploring the planets, say the last two men who walked on the
lunar surface.

"Whatever you believe about global-climate change, one clear
fact is that you're going to need a lot of energy," says Harrison
Schmitt, a moonwalker on the Apollo 17 mission. On the 25th anniversary
of the Apollo 17 moon landing, Schmitt and fellow astronaut Eugene
Cernan say the country has made a mistake by not continuing to
explore the moon.


"For 25 years, I've had the dubious and perhaps even disappointing
honor of being dubbed the last man to have left his footprints
on the surface of the moon," Cernan said Thursday at the National
Press Club. "It's disappointing because we haven't gone back."

Cernan, 63, who heads a Houston engineering firm, and Schmitt,
62, a former U.S. senator from New Mexico and now an adjunct professor
at the University of Wisconsin, believe the nation lost its will
to explore in outer space.

What is needed now, they say, is to continue exploring the moon
to tap its resources and plan for a manned mission to Mars in
the next century.

The moon's soil is rich in helium-3, a light isotope that could
power fusion reactors on Earth. The only helium-3 on Earth is
out of reach in the upper atmosphere. Helium-3 is "an environmentally
benign" energy source that when heated, produces hydrogen, oxygen
and water as byproducts, Schmitt says.

Cernan, Schmitt and Ron Evans were launched on Apollo 17 on Dec.
7, 1972.

Cernan, the mission commander, and Schmitt, a geologist and the
only scientist to reach the moon, landed their lunar module on
Dec. 11. They were the sixth Apollo mission to reach the surface.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              103 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 12, 1997, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Big 3: Global-warming pact poses threat Gas-guzzling vehicles provide biggest
profits

BYLINE: Earle Eldridge; Micheline Maynard

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 894 words

DATELINE: DETROIT


DETROIT -- The Big Three automakers are facing their worst environmental
crisis since the 1970s.

Thursday's tentative agreement in Kyoto, Japan, on a global-warming
pact has alarmed companies whose fortunes rest on energy-gulping
but profit-generating big trucks and sport utilities.

Even before the Kyoto accord, General Motors, Ford and Chrysler
were saying they couldn't meet proposed emission standards.

Under the agreement, which must be approved by Congress, the USA
would have to reduce its emissions of pollutants that contribute
to global warming by 7% from 1990 levels.


Carbon dioxide is the biggest contributor to global warming. The
amount of carbon dioxide that autos produce depends largely on
how much gasoline they consume.

A car averaging 27 miles a gallon of gasoline will emit less carbon
dioxide for each mile driven than a sport-utility vehicle that
averages 20 miles to a gallon of gasoline.

To meet the requirements, which would take effect in 2012, automakers
would have to sell fewer sport-utility vehicles, minivans and
pickups. Those vehicles are popular and profitable for automakers.

The global-warming treaty is not automakers' only worry.

California regulators, who have already made life tough for General
Motors, Ford and Chrysler by requiring sales of emissions-free
vehicles, plan to further tighten restrictions.

California's Air Resource Board wants to make sport-utility vehicles,
minivans and light trucks meet the same tough emission requirements
as passenger cars. Currently, those vehicles are allowed to emit
almost three times the amount of pollutants as passenger cars.

The new requirement would take effect in 2004 but automakers plan
to challenge it.

And beginning with the 1998 model year, New York state requires
that 2% of each automaker's vehicle sales in the state be electric
vehicles. Automakers are appealing the regulations but they must
attempt to meet the requirement while it is under appeal or face
fines.

Taken together, the pressures to improve air quality represent
the biggest environmental headache for the Detroit companies since
the mid-1970s. That was when the government created corporate
average fuel economy standards to stimulate production of high-mileage
cars, as well as air-cleaning regulations that forced the installation
of catalytic converters on all vehicles.

The air-quality campaigns also come as truck sales are at an all-time
high and interest in environmentally friendly cars seems nil.

Case in point: This year, GM's Saturn has leased a fewer-than-expected
281 EV1 electric cars in California and Arizona, where they go
for about $ 35,000. Ford, by contrast, probably will sell about
225,000 Expeditions nationwide this year. They start at the same
price but get less than 15 mpg.

Detroit won't give up easily. Kyoto, California and New York raise
the prospect of the biggest attack yet by Big Three automakers
on efforts to make them clean up their acts.

While stricter emissions standards would affect all automakers,
the Big Three have been the most vocal on the issue because they
produce most of the gas-guzzling vehicles.

Among the questions being raised:

-- Will the new standards mean customers can't buy the sport
utilities that they want?

-- Will auto plants, another source of global-warming emissions,
have to reduce production, forcing layoffs?

-- Will consumers be forced to drive the smaller cars they now
turn their backs on?

The Big Three say that all these things will happen.

Detroit auto leaders Thursday voiced objections to the Kyoto pact.

"It is not a constructive result for the world economy or efforts
to preserve the environment," says Ford CEO Alexander Trotman,
Detroit's loudest voice in opposition to any global-warming deal.

Chrysler is "disappointed" by the treaty, CEO Robert Eaton says.

"We should not take any action that could harm the U.S. economy
or put at risk American jobs," he says.

Despite strong opposition to the Kyoto accord, the tentative treaty
comes amid Detroit's most fervent moves in decades to develop
fuel-efficient vehicles.

In 1994, the Big Three joined forces with the government to form
the Partnership for a New Generation of Vehicles (PNGV), whose
goal is to introduce a super-clean, 70-mpg family sedan by 2004.

While that work continues, GM is selling EV1 electric cars and
has just chosen dealers who will sell electric S-10 pickups. Ford
also is putting electric pickups on the market and has the efficient
P2000 under development. Chrysler is working on a hybrid car that
can run on fuel and electricity.

Any mandated cutbacks could hurt most at Chevrolet, which expects
to sell 1.5 million trucks, sport utilities and minivans this
year and more in 1998, when it introduces a new version of the
C/K pickup, GM's best-selling vehicle.

"Whether the pact is warranted or not, we are customer driven,"
says Chevrolet General Manager John Middlebrook. "If the customer
wants (trucks), we're going to continue to provide them."

In recent years, the bulk of GM, Ford and Chrysler profits have
come from full-size truck and sport-utility sales. Ford earns
an estimated $ 15,000 on every Expedition, and it has an even bigger
sport utility under development.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Gary Visgaitis, USA TODAY, Source: Autodata (Pie chart,
2); PHOTOS, B/W (2)

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              107 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 22, 1997, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Girding for El Nino For some, 'It's almost reached the level of panic' Weather
system's '83 visit caused billions in damage

BYLINE: Richard Price

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1525 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


SAN FRANCISCO -- The O'Tooles figure they've done everything they
can.

They sealed off the garage of their beachfront home in Malibu,
and fortified it with sandbags.

They arranged for the emergency evacuation of possessions and
pets.

They even threw an "El Nino preparedness party" for their neighborhood,
swapping ideas and phone numbers over cocktails. "We thought
it was important to get to know each other," said Erin O'Toole,
26. "People around here are nervous."


They have good reason to be. Empty lots dot their street where
homes once stood. In 1983 -- the last time a major El Nino event
disrupted global weather and devastated this coast with unrelenting
storms -- those houses were crushed by waves and walls of mud
sliding down Big Rock Canyon.

Now the West Coast, particularly southern California, is preparing
for effects of a new El Nino that rivals the 1983 version in both
size and intensity. The warm Pacific Ocean current will change
weather patterns across the country, and cause droughts and flooding
worldwide. "It may already have started," said Erin O'Toole
as she watched the waves from Hurricane Linda explode against
her sea wall last week.

It has. At the moment, Southern California is enjoying a glorious
September.

The El Nino has broken up the usual inversion in the air that
traps smog around major cities, giving the region clear blue skies
and record low levels of ozone.

But come winter, the ill winds of El Nino are predicted to blow
severe rain storms toward the West coast. "The concern is beginning
to build," says Marc Wolfson of the Federal Emergency Management
Agency in Washington, D.C.

What makes this year's El Nino unusual is its size. Above-average
water temperatures have been recorded in an area of the Pacific
Ocean that is 1.5 times bigger than the continental USA. This
El Nino is already the second-biggest of the century -- and still
growing.

El Nino is a warming of waters in the eastern Pacific that wrecks
havoc with the weather. It develops when brisk trade winds that
blow west across the Pacific suddenly die for unknown reasons.
Without the cooling winds, the ocean's surface water heats up,
warming the air above it and creating a hot, moist breeding ground
for huge storms and hurricanes.

The warm currents are threatening dozens of species of marine
life from Peru to Alaska. And El Nino is spreading drought in
Central America and Southeast Asia -- areas that normally would
get rain at this time of year.

Climatologists say there's no guarantee this El Nino will produce
the same chaos that caused from $ 5 billion to $ 13 billion in damage
worldwide and claimed at least 1,200 lives in 1983.

But like countless others in areas around the world that are most
vulnerable to El Nino, the O'Tooles and others in California are
treating the winter ahead as a test of survival.

"It's almost reached the level of panic," says Larry Snapp of
the A-1 Roofing Co. in Los Angeles, where business has doubled
in recent weeks. "People who have been procrastinating for years
over roof repairs suddenly want it done right now."

In San Diego, a developer is racing to pour concrete for 180 home
foundations in nine different projects before the rains come.
Investors have extended Steve Doyle, president of Brookside Homes,
three times the usual amount of cash so he can triple the speed
at which he pours concrete.

"Some experts say our rain could triple," he says. "I don't
know if it's true, but I'm preparing for the worst. If we get
triple our average rain, this place will come to a standstill."

Hillside homeowners are scrambling to forestall mud slides by
shoring up their lots with seed bags and ground cover. In Santa
Barbara, Dennis Downing put in "stuff with good root systems.
Ivy, rosemary, things like that. Just in case."

Used as a scapegoat

A weather front generated by the breakup of Tropical Storm Ignacio,
born in the warm El Nino waters, dropped rain last month on California's
wine country. Grape production overall is up because of a long,
hot season. But this rain, the first August downpour in 29 years
for some growers, cost the region 10% of its Chardonnay and Sauvignon
grapes.

Not every drop of rain can be attributed to El Nino. Some people
here are concerned about a rising public hysteria.

"Suddenly the media and the public are starting to blame everything
on El Nino," says Tim Barnett at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography
in San Diego, which first forecast this El Nino. "The atmosphere
has a lot of chaotic noise (that causes storms). El Nino is just
one factor."

Still, El Nino is a popular fall guy. Some blamed heavy rains
in the Rockies this summer on El Nino. Not true, say the experts.
El Nino also has been cited in some quarters for a record 216
consecutive rainless days in downtown Los Angeles. Wrong again.

El Ninos are no aberration; they're a routine part of nature that
occur every two to 10 years. But the effect of this El Nino is
being felt earlier. Generally, El Ninos don't stir up things until
December. Peruvian fishermen named the phenomenon El Nino, "the
Christ child," because it typically shows up around Christmas.

Ocean life shifts

Changes off the California coast already are significant. Water
temperatures that normally range between 50 and 55 degrees have
climbed to 65-plus, and many fish -- like anchovies and salmon
-- are migrating north in search of cooler water.

Warm-water species have replaced them. Mahi mahi have been spotted
outside San Francisco Bay, one thousand miles north of their usual
range.

Last month, two fishermen off Westport, Wash., pulled in a 104-pound
striped marlin, a species that rarely strays north of San Diego.
State fish and game authorities say it's the first time anybody
has caught one in Washington. 'It was like winning the Lotto,"
said Dick Miller, 69, one of the anglers.

The ocean is so warm that the Monterey Bay Aquarium on the central
California coast had to bring in new refrigeration units to chill
the sea water piped through its octopus tanks. Otherwise, the
octopi would lose their enzyme systems and die.

If the effects of El Nino are the same this year as in 1983, virtually
the entire USA will feel some effect.

For the North, it should mean generally milder, drier weather.
In 1983, natural gas consumption across the northern U.S. fell
to 60% below average in some areas.

In the South, forecasters predict wetter, cooler weather. But
most states expect nothing cataclysmic. In fact, the Gulf States
are celebrating one of El Nino's benefits -- a quiet Atlantic
hurricane season so far.

Strong winds high in the jet stream have whipped east across the
Atlantic and dissolved the storms before they could fully develop.

"We may have a wetter winter," says Jo Moss, a spokesperson
for the Texas Division of Emergency Management. "But this state's
greatest weather hazards are hurricanes, and we're grateful for
anything that keeps them away."

The federal emergency agency is focusing attention on the Western
flood threat. In an extraordinary move, it has scheduled a preparedness
summit in Los Angeles for Oct. 15.

It is running announcements that urge people to buy federal flood
insurance now. The insurance program covers water-related damage
of almost every kind, including mudslides.

Naturalists say the warm waters guarantee a disaster for a variety
of animals.

The coast's rich ecosystem relies on a continuous cycle of cold
water moving from the ocean floor to the surface, and El Nino
has stopped that. The result is a precipitous drop in food supplies
-- from animal plankton to krill to small fish like sardines --
that are critical to many coastal species.

In 1983, only half of 12 leading bird species along the coast
north of San Francisco even attempted to reproduce. "There was
no food. They were just too stressed," says Bill Sydeman of the
Point Reyes Bird Observatory. "We had major die-offs. We expect
the same drops in population next year and very poor breeding,
if any breeding, at all."

At Sea World in San Diego, which operates a program to save beached
mammals, the number of cases rose from an average of 100 a year
to 475 in 1983.

For the most part, they were young sea lions and seals that washed
up on the beach "emaciated and dehydrated from lack of food,
often with secondary problems like pneumonia," program curator
Tom Goff says.

Now Goff is preparing for another busy year. "We have an enormous
supply of food," he says. "We're ready."

Whatever ills El Nino promises, 17-year-old surfers Louis Tesoro
and Scott Coleman are exultant for the moment. Splashing through
the waves off Malibu, they've shed the wetsuits normally required
of the Pacific's numbing waters.

"You can stay in all day. It's awesome," Tesoro says. Adds Coleman,
"It only happens every 20 years, so we may as well enjoy it."

Contributing: Jonathan T. Lovitt in Los Angeles and Jack Williams
in Washington, D.C.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Grant Jerding, USA TODAY, Source: The USA TODAY Weather
Book, second edition, available in bookstores from Vintage Books(Map); PHOTO,
Color, JPL; PHOTO, Color, Bob Riha Jr., USA TODAY; PHOTO, B/W, Bob Riha Jr., USA
TODAY; PHOTO, B/W, Nick Ut, AP

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              109 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 19, 1997, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Signs that change is already underway

BYLINE: Jack Williams

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 456 words


Long before the rest of the world heard the name, fishermen in
Peru were talking about "El Nino" -- The Christ Child -- a warm
Pacific Ocean current that showed up around Christmas.

Every three to seven years, the current would be strong enough
to block the nutrient-rich cold water that rises from the bottom
of the ocean off Peru. When this happened, the fish died or went
elsewhere, such as southward off Chile.


Today, the term refers to a global complex of ocean and weather
events, including the warm waters off Peru.

Here are some of the changes the current El Nino, which began
last spring, is causing or could be causing:

-- Pacific Ocean water off Peru is as much as 9 degrees warmer
than normal, with warmer than normal water stretching westward
along the equator to the International Date Line.

-- Warm water, and warm-water fish such as tuna, have spread
northward to off the California Coast.

-- Drought has begun in Indonesia.

-- Pakistan and northwest India are dry, and the normal monsoon
rain has been spotty in parts of India.

-- Heavy rain hit central and northern Chile in May and June,
causing floods on the northern desert.

-- Parts of central America are starting to have less rain than
normal for this time of year.

-- The drought in North Korea and parts of China could be related
to El Nino.

-- This summer's wet, cool weather in the central USA and dryness
in the Mid Atlantic could be related to El Nino, but the evidence
isn't clear.

A big question right now: Will El Nino cut the number of hurricanes
that would otherwise occur over the Atlantic Ocean, Caribbean
Sea and the Gulf of Mexico?

El Ninos create stong west-to-east winds over hurricane breeding
grounds that rip storms apart. But forecasters are waiting to
see if this year's El Nino started soon enough to affect the 1997
season. The answer will emerge within the next month or so as
we move into what's normally the height of the hurricane season.

No matter what it does to hurricanes, between now and next spring
El Nino could help cause:

-- Heavier than average rain and snow in California during the
fall-through-spring season.

-- A warmer and drier than average winter across much of the
northern USA.

-- A wet winter across the southern USA from California to South
Carolina, with more and stronger than usual Gulf of Mexico storms.

-- Dryness in northern Brazil and southern Africa early next
year.

-- More hurricanes than normal in the central Pacific.

-- Disrupted migration patterns of Pacific salmon and fish that
prey on them, resulting in fewer salmon.

-- A danger of damage and death to coral reefs across the Pacific
Ocean.


LOAD-DATE: August 19, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: SCIENCE

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              111 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    June 18, 1997, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Dow numbers make sense in light of export growth

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 465 words


Last fall, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan worried that
the stock market was displaying "irrational exuberance." At
the time, the market's most-watched barometer, the Dow Jones Industrial
Average, was under 6500.

So what do you call a Dow flirting with 8000? Crazy?

Greenspan's predecessor, Paul Volcker, seems to think so.


The man who rebottled the inflation genie of the 1970s and returned
people to the market noted this week that 15% rates of return
aren't common for the U.S. economy or any economy.

That perspective makes the 20% jump in the Dow over the past six
months, and its doubling in 21/2 years, look outrageous.

But is it?

Not if you remember what the Dow is really about. It's not about
returns to the national economy. Instead, it's an indicator of
the economic prospects of 30 huge, mostly multinational corporations.

Some Dow examples: A third of Caterpillar's revenues come from
exports. General Motors does 40% of its business abroad. Two-thirds
of Exxon's business is outside the USA.

And much of the growth for Dow 30 businesses is in foreign markets.
General Electric's global business grew 18% last year to $ 33 billion
-- three times the rate of growth for its $ 46 billion domestic
business. Dupont's South American sales jumped 14%.

The Dow giants are the vanguard of U.S. global growth. Last year,
exports of U.S. goods and services alone amounted to $ 830 billion,
a 20% increase in just two years. And that in a global market
that has grown much more slowly than the U.S. marketplace.

Such competitiveness by U.S. business attracted $ 100 billion from
foreign investors. Those investors are betting on American know-how
to succeed globally as a new world trade pact opens more markets.

Foreign confidence in the U.S. economy doesn't guarantee that
stock prices won't fall. Historically, a 20% correction of the
Dow average occurs every five to seven years. And U.S. business
competitiveness won't protect investors if politicians erect trade
barriers that stifle business activity.

Believers in the U.S. market may be exuberant, but their investments
are not irrational.



The Dow 30

The 30 companies that make up the Dow Jones Industrial Average:

AT&T, Allied Signal, Aluminum Co. of America, American Express,
Boeing, Caterpillar, Coca-Cola, Walt Disney, Chevron, Dupont,
Eastman Kodak, Exxon, General Electric, General Motors, Goodyear
Tire & Rubber, Hewlett-Packard, International Business Machines,
International Paper, Johnson & Johnson, McDonald's, Merck,
Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing, J.P. Morgan, Philip Morris,
Procter & Gamble, Sears Roebuck, Union Carbide, Travelers
Group, United Technologies and Wal-Mart Stores.

Source: USA TODAY research

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              112 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

               December 4, 1997, Thursday, INTERNATIONAL EDITION

The 'carnival' in Kyoto warms to the occasion

BYLINE: Traci Watson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 308 words

DATELINE: KYOTO, Japan


KYOTO, Japan -- The international global warming conference here
is a complex, diplomatic negotiation. But it is also a sort of
environmental carnival.

Participants from about 170 countries, nearly all the members
of the United Nations, are expected. The official proceedings
will be conducted in seven languages.

Nearly 3,500 reporters are here. Environmentalists who usually
can't get their phone calls returned find themselves being wooed.

"There's 10 minutes of fame in your life," says Kalee Krieder,
an environmental activist with Greenpeace USA who was giving back-to-back
interviews. "Here it is. I was born in Zanesville, Ohio, and
I never thought my day would come in Kyoto, Japan."

Hoping to catch the eye of reporters and delegates, nonprofit
groups line the hallways with their booths. Electric companies
tout their views beside environmental groups' booths. Out in the
parking lot, Greenpeace used a giant solar array to power an environmentally
correct kitchen.

For a news conference, Australian activist Michael Rae wore a
brown paper bag over his head to show his disagreement with his
country's global warming proposal.

If negotiations can be nudged by technology, this one will be.
Cell phones are mandatory.

And a Web site alone wasn't enough. This conference has live video
coverage on the World Wide Web, with audio accompaniment in seven
languages.

"Instead of chopping down trees and printing documents and mailing
them, we just put them on the Web," says Fareed Yassen, the United
Nations information support manager. "It saves money and it saves
time."

Participants could surf the Web or write a document at the nearly
100 computers provided free of charge. Young Japanese women wearing
"Cyberguide" armbands helped those having trouble retrieving
their e-mail.

LOAD-DATE: December 05, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Sankei Shimbun, AP

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              117 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 15, 1997, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Hurricane veers away from Calif.

BYLINE: Shannon Tangonan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 324 words


Hurricane Linda changed course and began to weaken Sunday, but
forecasters warned that the southern California coast could still
be hit with heavy surf and showers.

Touted as the strongest hurricane ever recorded in the eastern
Pacific, the El Nino-powered Linda packed winds of up to 190 mph
last Thursday and early Friday.

El Nino refers to changes in patterns of Pacific Ocean water temperatures
and winds that have global effects. The warm ocean waters create
the tropical Pacific's largest and most frequent thunderstorms.


As Linda churned toward land Saturday, southern California officials
prepared for drenching rains, floods, powerful winds and other
mayhem.

But by Sunday afternoon, Linda was 760 miles south-southwest of
San Diego and moving west-northwest -- away from the coast. Its
winds had died down to 90 mph.

If Linda doesn't change course, "she won't make landfall at all,"
said Brian Maher, a National Hurricane Center forecaster. "Her
track will move her away from the United States."

Forecasters in southern California warned that even if Linda remains
offshore during the next few days, the hurricane will still make
its presence felt.

Clouds from Linda are expected to move over southern California,
dumping showers and thunderstorms in Orange County and areas south
of the county through today.

Surf along the coastline up through Los Angeles is expected to
peak today at 7-10 feet.

Lt. Marshall Parks with the San Diego Lifeguard Service said the
anticipated surf height by itself didn't seem to be a big threat.
But the high surf, coupled with high tides, could wreak havoc
along the coast. "If the combination is right, it could pose
a problem."

El Nino had little to do with the formation of Linda but was instrumental
in its threat to California, where coastal water temperatures
are about 10 degrees warmer than usual. Hurricanes feed on warm
water.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              119 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 11, 1997, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

And they call it puppy love Even foes say a president's smart as a fox to get a
dog

BYLINE: Patrick O'Driscoll

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 2129 words


Put global warming, campaign-finance investigations and Saddam
Hussein on hold. The White House has all it can handle now with
what's REALLY on the nation's mind, namely:

What to name President Clinton's new dog?

Thousands of America's 54 million dog owners flooded the White
House switchboard and various Internet name-that-dog sites on
Wednesday as word spread of the new pet, a 3-month-old male Labrador
retriever.

Among the suggestions to USA TODAY's Web site: Mr. President.
Waffle. George Washington. NAFTA. Subpoena. Donor. Shoes (to pair
with Socks the cat). Dodger (as in draft?). Whitewater. Janet
(as in Reno). Bubba. Fido. Hershey.


But the main rumor around Washington is that the chocolate-colored
pooch will be named Chief, as in "Commander in . . ." The White
House isn't talking. But before long, its hallways will be barking.

The First-Dog-To-Be is a gift arranged by presidential friend
and Washington lawyer Tony Harrington. The dog's warm brown coat
is rarest of the three Labrador colors (black and yellow are more
common). And his floppy ears would be big enough to pick him up
by, although repeating that infamous treatment President Lyndon
Johnson used on beagles Him and Her is not recommended.

As for the name game, "We're going to make sure all those suggestions
are available to him," says White House spokesman Barry Toiv,
who couldn't say how soon the pup will come home from training.
"But ultimately this is an executive decision the president will
have to make."

House Minority Leader Dick Gephardt, introducing Clinton at a
fund-raiser in New York on Wednesday, congratulated the president
on his new puppy. The bad news, Gephardt said, is "you're going
to have to go through a difficult time of housebreaking." And
the good? "You're finally going to have something to do with
all those editorial pages in the newspaper."

Breeders worry that news of Clinton's dog will spur a run on chocolate
Labs, already being overproduced by "puppy mills," says Jill
Ickowski of Wiscoy Labradors in Eden, N.Y. "Remember 101 Dalmatians?
Six months after that movie came out you would see one Dalmatian
after another in the pound."

Clinton last had a dog when he was Arkansas governor. But Zeke,
a cocker spaniel, was killed by a car. Clinton began thinking
about getting a dog around the time daughter Chelsea was leaving
for her freshman year at Stanford University this fall. "It's
probably a little quieter around the house these days," says
White House spokesman Joe Lockhart.

Diane Blair, a close friend of the Clintons from Little Rock,
says she had been "telling them and telling them and telling
them" to get a dog in anticipation of Chelsea's departure.

"The president frequently keeps late hours, later than anyone
else in the house, and I thought how nice it would be to have
someone staying up with him," says Blair, who owns two mutts
named Precious and Rufus. "And the president receives constant
criticism from all quarters, from the press, the Congress, the
world. A dog never criticizes."

Toiv says Clinton pal Harrington phoned and "said this great
dog was available. . . . The president said bring him on by."

It was puppy love at first sight.

Clinton's staff didn't know about the pending puppy until last
Friday, when he was late for a meeting. The president and the
First Dog-Elect were outside, having a get-acquainted romp. Staffers
watched as Clinton, alone, talked to his future canine companion.
When he finally came inside, he was sheepish.

It's not clear whether the new pet will have the run of the White
House. But Washington wags on Wednesday readily told tales of
doggy advice.

Bob Dole, Clinton's 1996 election foe, called the news "one of
the best moves" Clinton has made. Dole has had a schnauzer named
Leader for 13 years. He says Leader was "more or less" housebroken
when he got him.

"But you gotta keep an eye on him. You can't waffle on this job,"
Dole went on. "And I don't want him messing up the Lincoln Bedroom.
That's off-limits. Even if he contributes. I (wouldn't) want him
to contribute what I think he might."

Asked what he'd name the puppy, Dole offered: "You could name
it Al, I guess. Whoever that fellow is. Or Lucky. Any dog that
makes the White House is a lucky dog."

Dick Morris, Clinton's image-maker until he quit in a sex scandal,
sees problems with a dog shedding brown hair in the Oval Office.
"I mean, that light-blue carpet? The furniture is a very light
yellow, the wing-chair stuff. Everything is very beautifully decorated.
That could be a bit hairy," says Morris, who owns two golden
retrievers, Dizzy and Daisy.

"I think the phenomenon of unconditional loyalty is probably
something that he could use as president," Morris says. "But
if I were the dog, I would watch my back, because I'm not sure
the quality of unconditional love is always reciprocated."

Meowwww.

Speaking of which, the pup hasn't been introduced to Socks the
cat. Although aides downplay the issue, the White House is not
a democracy where pets are concerned. First lady Hillary Rodham
Clinton consented to the dog, but Socks had no vote.

"I know how a lot of us felt when Dick Morris came in, so I can
only imagine how Socks is feeling," says former Clinton aide
George Stephanopoulos.

"Socks will need a place to call his own. Young pups can be very
playful, and Socks will have to let him know when a little play
is OK before he should buzz off," says Terry Ryan, a canine
behavior and training consultant in Pullman, Wash.

Adds Wayne Pacele of the Humane Society of the United States:
"Our message would be, don't forget Socks. . . . But if Clinton
can bring Netanyahu and Arafat together, he shouldn't have any
trouble getting Socks to get along with the First Dog."

Clinton, fond of shooting down dubious arguments with the line
"That dog won't hunt," hasn't said whether his new dog will.
But he chose a breed well-suited to the task. Not to mention a
popular one. Labrador retrievers, which live about 12 years, were
the No. 1 breed registered in the USA in 1996, according to the
American Kennel Club.

Breeders say the Labrador's best feature is its temperament: loving,
people-oriented, loyal. "Their purpose in life is to please you,"
says breeder Ickowski.

Who will walk the dog? "It's going to become part of (press)
pool duty," jokes White House spokesman Lockhart. Will he go
jogging with the president? "Ask the puppy," replies Lockhart.

Let the White Housetraining begin.

Denver bureau chief Patrick O'Driscoll is owned by two mutts,
Moab and Powell, that he and his wife found in the Utah
desert five years ago.Contributing: Carrie Hedges, Mimi Hall,
Jill Lawrence and Carol Jouzaitis

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Barbara Kinney, The White House; PHOTO, Color, Tim
Dillon, USA TODAY; PHOTO, Color, Dennis Cook, AP; PHOTO, B/W, Charles P. Gorry,
AP; PHOTO, B/W, Karin Cooper, AP

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              121 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 28, 1997, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Talent, experience fill banking teams

BYLINE: Tom Lowry

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 905 words


Hilton's hostile $ 6.5 billion offer for ITT launched what could
prove to be one of the biggest takeover battles of the '90s. USA
TODAY's Tom Lowry looks at the behind-the-scenes players
who could make or break Hilton's bid.

For ITT

Lazard Freres/Goldman Sachs: Two of Wall Street's most
respected investment banks with long histories advising companies
on mergers, Lazard Freres and Goldman Sachs are no strangers to
helping ITT fight a takeover. The two banks teamed in the 1980s
to advise ITT CEO Rand Araskog in his successful defenses against
hostile bidders Jay Pritzker and Irwin Jacobs. Kendrick Wilson
is the latest Lazard banker to serve on ITT's board.


In this takeover battle, Goldman's cadre of bankers is led by
Cody Smith; Lazard's by Gerald Rosenfeld.

Rosenfeld, 50, is a senior "generalist" merger adviser. He formerly
was a mergers specialist at Bankers Trust and Salomon Bros. and
once worked as a management consultant for McKinsey & Co.
He and fellow senior Lazard banker Felix Rohatyn, a former ITT
board member, worked for Lotus Development in its sale to IBM
two years ago. Rosenfeld and Rohatyn helped negotiate an increase
in IBM's offer price from $ 60 to $ 64 per share, increasing the
deal's total value from $ 3.3 billion to $ 3.5 billion.

"So many bankers are truly transactional animals. If you put
the words human and investment banker in the same sentence, it
might seem like an oxymoron," says former Lotus CEO Jim Manzi.
"But Jerry is both. I've had dealings with a number of investment
bankers in 15 years, but he's the only one I can say I have a
personal relationship with."

More recently, Rosenfeld has advised United Technologies and Tenneco
on their corporate restructuring and is advising Manzi in his
new Internet venture, Nets Inc.

"Jerry is extremely discreet and unlike some people in this line
of work, he doesn't have a runaway ego," Rohatyn says. "He has
a great deal of knowledge of corporate structure and credit analysis.
He meshes very well with the corporate client."

Rosenfeld has a doctorate degree in mathematics from New York
University and teaches a class in mergers and acquisitions there.

Goldman and Lazard will each make $ 10 million in fees from ITT.

For Hilton

Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette: The head of DLJ's Los
Angeles office, investment banker Ken Moelis, 38, has a relationship
with Hilton CEO Stephen Bollenbach dating back more than a decade.
At the time, Moelis was a banker in Michael Milken's junk bond
empire at Drexel Burnham Lambert and Bollenbach was chief financial
officer for another hotel company, Holiday Corp. The two worked
together, ironically, to ward off a hostile takeover attempt by
Donald Trump.

Since being hired by DLJ in 1990, Moelis has raised the firm's
investment banking profile by accumulating a roster of clients
that are among the USA's richest people. They include billionaire
John Kluge, former oil baron Marvin Davis and financier Carl Icahn.

After working against him, Moelis has picked up Trump as a client
as well. Moelis last year helped Trump restructure the $ 1 billion
debt on his Taj Mahal casino-hotel in Atlantic City.

A self-confessed workaholic with a global travel schedule, Moelis
earns plaudits from clients for his financial wizardry.

"He's got a quick-trigger mind in terms of financial structures.
Ken's a great idea generator," says Glenn Schaeffer, president
of casino company Circus Circus. Schaeffer worked with Moelis
when his former company Gold Strike Resorts was sold to Circus
Circus in 1995 and on the underwriting of three bond issues totaling
$ 500 million at Circus Circus last year.

Moelis also wins praise from Kluge. "Ken is one of the most creative
and brilliant minds on Wall Street housed in an absolutely low-key,
charming personality," Kluge says. "He's added value to every
transaction we've done together, and he inevitably gains the respect
of all the participants."

Moelis' dealmaking experience and aggressive style have made Moelis
the one person his clients call first -- day and night -- for
advice on topics ranging from debt restructuring to initial public
offerings. "He's one of the smartest kids I've known in awhile,"
says Davis, who hired Moelis to help him restructure pay-per-view
provider Spectradyne. "He's got great ideas, brilliant. He's
worth the fees."

Among the DLJ bankers working with Moelis on the Hilton bid is
Pauline Yoshihashi, a former Wall Street Journal reporter
who covered the gambling industry.

DLJ will make at least $ 16 million in fees.


Top financial advisers in '96
                                Value
Adviser                       (billions)
Merrill Lynch                   $190.3
Morgan Stanley                  $183.1
Goldman Sachs                   $123.0
Lazard Houses                   $115.9
Salomon Brothers                 $73.7
J.P. Morgan & Co.                $65.2
Lehman Bros.                     $60.6
Credit Suisse First Boston       $59.8
Bear Stearns                     $51.2
Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette     $38.9

Source: Securities Data

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, B/W (2)

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              123 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 25, 1997, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

'Lutheran Hour,' pets and Selena

BYLINE: Sam Vincent Meddis

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 6D; The Net: New and notable

LENGTH: 970 words


Events

-- The Lutheran Hour makes its Net debut Easter Sunday with a
RealAudio Webcast. The site will feature an audio clip of a 1937
Easter sermon by original Lutheran Hour speaker Walter
A. Maier.

http://www.lhm.org/

People

-- The name isn't the only thing unusual about the blonde ambition
pages. Creator Cat is a Wiccan who asks for religious tolerance.
She shares her thoughts on groovy people, music and worthy causes.

http://www.geocities.com/

blondeambition/

-- If you love your dog and the Web, there's no excuse for not
sharing some photos. Particularly if the breed is as beautiful
as the Vizsla. A warm and friendly example of a pet page.

http://www.zianet.com/

poquito/

Arts/Entertainment

-- A tribute to slain Tejano superstar Selena is about as nicely
done as things get on the Web. Includes links to a family-organized
foundation raising funds for musically gifted and underprivileged
students.

http://www.selena-themovie

.com/main.html

-- The DJ is a cool, free music service with 50 commercial-free
channels from blues to oldies to reggae. A

downloadable player is free, too.

http://www.thedj.com/

home/page

-- Welcome to the global village. At culturekiosque you'll find
features, criticism and interviews in English, French and German.
The trans-Atlantic connection doesn't get better than this.

http://www.culturekiosque

.com/

-- Missed your chance to get experienced in the '60s? The new
Jimi Hendrix site offers an interactive exploration of the legendary
performer's roots and influences. Chat with fans around the world.
Or get electric guitar playing tips.

http://www.jimi-hendrix.com/

Business

-- Here's how Charles Schwab & Co. spells Hot Site: $ 50 billion
in on-line customer assets and 700,000 active accounts. 'Nuff
said about whether on-line trading has a future.

http://www.schwab.com/

-- Who says advertising folks are all fizz heads? Here's some
yummy brain food, including original reporting and photos. Plop-plop,
click-click.

http://www.adtalk.com/

-- The granddaddy of electronic malls, CompuServe's Mall, is
now on the Net.

http://mall.compuserve.com/ mall/index.htm

Education

-- Nova invites you to explore a place where the art of filmmaking
meets the science of natural disasters. Go behind the scenes and
check out an upcoming avalanche special.

http://www.pbs.org/wgbh/

pages/nova/avalanche/

-- Don't wait for the Supreme Court to decide what's fit for
your kids on the Web. Brendan Kehoe's classic Zen and the Art
of the Internet now has a version for children, designed to
make cyberspace "safe, productive, and fun." Check out the book's
preface on line.

http://www.prenhall.com/ptr

books/ptr013244674x.html

-- If your alma mater doesn't have a Web presence for things
like alumni info and campus happenings, check out Notre Dame's
new site to see what your old school might think of doing.

http://www.nd.edu:80/

prinfo/

Hobbies/Fun

-- Jean-Paul Fitness Specialists offers weight training for men
and women. (Clicking your mouse doesn't count.) Exercise routines
are free, though there's a non-pushy pitch for supplements.

http://www.jeanpaul.com/

workouts.html

-- ClassicCarShow bills itself as the information superhighway
for historic, vintage, classic and sports car enthusiasts. A clickable
world map fills you in on shows and events. With rankings.

http://www.ClassicCarShow

.com/findex.html

-- POD offers what it describes as the "FASTEST hypersonic,
nitro-burning race of your life." Test drive the demo for free
on your Pentium system. But bring along a fast modem for the download.

http://www.ubisoft.com/pod/ENGLISH/france.html

USA TODAY lists Web sites we consider newsworthy. We do not
endorse them, or products or services they contain. Find more
sites daily, along with information on how they're chosen, at
http://tech.usatoday.com. Send site suggestions and comments
to cyber@usatoday.com.

Valuable resources

-- Help avoid traffic delays on your next auto trip by first
consulting Rand McNally. The site gives you a heads up on construction
barricades, lane closures, detours and frayed nerves. With an
easy-to-use search feature.

http://www.randmcnally.com/tools/construc.htm

-- Looking for a quicker way to find information on the Net?
Macmillan Digital Publishing USA offers a new utility that it
says is the "fastest and easiest way to find anything." WebFerret
is designed to query multiple search engines and discard duplicate
results. Try it for free.

http://www.mcp.com/netferret/webfer.html

-- Don't just e-mail travel directions -- send a map with MapBlast.
It's an interactive map maker that will put an "X" in your vicinity.
Bring along a Java-enabled browser.

http://www.mapblast.com/

-- The federal government offers a handy index to its far-flung
sites.

http://ds.internic.net/ds/gov.html

-- Where does it hurt? The Worldwide Congress on Pain offers
forums for consumers and professionals, along with pain-management
info and an ask-the-expert section.

http://www.pain.com/

Oddities

-- The Bunny Survival Tests determine specific weaknesses or
strengths of Marshmallow Bunnies. Tests include laser exposure,
oxygen deprivation and hot-tub abuse.

http://www.pcola.

gulf.net/irving/bunnies

-- Everybody has found a home on the Web. Even if they used to
feel more at home on the range. Such as -- would you believe --
the Pennsylvania Elk Herd?

http://www.iup.edu/ ferenc/paelk.htmlx

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, B/W (2)

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              130 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 4, 1997, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

For Diana's mom, 'faith is the center of it all'

BYLINE: Marco R. della Cava

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 888 words

DATELINE: LONDON


LONDON -- Princess Diana's mother, Frances Shand Kydd, is "in
grief, but she's a very courageous and resourceful woman," the
Rev. Sean MacAulay, a family friend, told USA TODAY on Wednesday.

"Many times when I've gone over I'll find her looking at photos
of Diana, remembering the good days," said MacAulay, priest at
St. Columba's Cathedral in Oban, Scotland. "There is laughter
in the house."

MacAulay is one of the few people who have visited Shand Kydd,
61, since she huddled inside her small cottage in western Scotland
on hearing the news of her daughter's death.


She left her home on the island of Seil, a few hours northwest
of Glasgow, late Wednesday and flew to London to join her two
other daughters. Her son Charles currently remains at Althorp,
the Spencer family estate just north of London, preparing a private
burial service.

As Shand Kydd left her home for London, she said in a statement,
"I thank God for the gift of Diana and for all her loving and
giving."

Shand Kydd left the state Anglican Church for the Roman Catholic
faith three years ago. MacAulay, a spiritual adviser, said she
will rely on religion to get her through the Saturday funeral.
"Her faith is the center of it all," he said. "She has a very
strong belief that she will one day be reunited with her daughter."

In ways both tragic and triumphant, Shand Kydd's life parallels
that of her famous daughter.

Diana's mother married Viscount Spencer in a lavish 1954 wedding
attended by Queen Elizabeth. They had four children: Charles,
32, Diana, who died at 36, Jane Fellowes, 40, and Sarah McCorquodale,
42.

They were children of privilege and wealth (the family's Althorp
house has 100 rooms and the estate rambles over 8,500 acres).
But happiness often eluded the Spencer clan.

The eating disorder anorexia nervosa that afflicted Diana also
haunted her sister Sarah and her sister-in-law Victoria. Charles,
after a brief stint as a TV reporter for NBC, married Victoria
in 1989. They have since moved to South Africa.

Jane, Diana's other sister, is married to Robert Fellowes, who
served as the Queen's private secretary during the early 1990s.
The appointment made for some family tension. Many in royal circles
were critical of Diana for talking publicly about the fragile
state of her marriage. Strain peaked in November 1995, when Diana
granted an interview to the BBC. She talked of her marital infidelity,
and her husband's. She said she did not think her husband, Charles,
the Prince of Wales, was fit to be king.

Shand Kydd's own life began to go awry when her marriage ended
in a bitter divorce in 1969. During the divorce proceedings, Diana's
father cited his wife's adultery with businessman Peter Shand
Kydd as a means to keep custody of his children. Earl Spencer
later married Raine, the Countess of Dartmouth, the daughter of
novelist Barbara Cartland. Spencer died in 1992.

A month after her divorce from Earl Spencer, Diana's mother married
Shand Kydd. But there was no fairy-tale ending. She moved with
her new husband to Seil, where they bought an elaborate Victorian
farmhouse. After almost 20 years of marriage, her husband walked
out on her in 1988. She sold the farmhouse and moved into a nearby
cottage.

MacAulay reacted strongly to suggestions that Shand Kydd had become
a recluse, that she had moved to the remote area to escape the
world. "She has hundreds of friends," he said. "Everybody in
the parish knows Frances. She doesn't deserve the bad media she
gets."

Shand Kydd's relationship with her daughter is said to have been
warm despite a few tense moments, including one earlier this year.
She granted an interview to Hello! magazine, Britain's
version of People magazine. In it, she criticized Prince
Charles and her daughter for talking publicly about their respective
marital infidelities and about Diana's eating disorders. Diana
was said to have been upset by the comments.

But Shand Kydd also provided a place away from the limelight where
Princess Diana, stalked by royal watchers and paparazzi alike,
could escape, if sometimes only in letters. She was known to have
been in close touch with her mother whenever she traveled abroad.

Perhaps the biggest similarity between mother and daughter was
volunteer work, admittedly on different scales. Diana's causes
were global; her mother's, local.

Shand Kydd volunteers her time at St. Columba's, often washing
dishes and serving lunches at church functions. This past June
she persauded MacAulay to give his housekeeper a vacation, and
she took over the chores at the priest's house.

Between helping at the church, reading at Mass, demonstrating
when a local nursing home was to be torn down, "she's just very
giving," MacAulay said.

Shand Kydd was supposed to work behind the bar this Saturday night
at an event to benefit the handicapped. She will not attend, but
she insisted that the event go forward.

When church members recommended that cancellation, "she would
not hear of it," said MacAulay, who will read a letter from Shand
Kydd during the benefit. "We are raising money to send handicapped
people to Lourdes. She thought that having this evening go on
would be a fitting tribute to her daughter."

LOAD-DATE: September 04, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, color, Glasgow Herald; PHOTO, b/w, Sasa Kraij, AP; PHOTO, b/w,
Laurent Rebours, AP

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              133 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 20, 1997, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Calm hurricane season in East Forecasters say El Nino responsible

BYLINE: Laura Parker

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 405 words


The calmest East Coast hurricane season in a decade is winding
to a close, sparing resort owners along the Atlantic their annual
trauma and reconstruction.

The Pacific Coast wasn't so fortunate. Hurricane Pauline hit Acapulco,
Mexico, on Oct. 9, killing more than 200 and then causing heavy
flooding in parts of Arizona.


Earlier this fall, the remnants of Hurricanes Linda and Nora pummeled
parts of Arizona and California with rain and high winds.

But in the East, the blustery season predicted this year never
materialized because of El Nino. There have been just seven tropical
storms this year; the latest reached tropical-storm strength Thursday
and was named Grace.

A storm becomes a tropical storm, and receives a name, when its
winds reach 39 mph. It becomes a hurricane when winds hit 74 mph.
Only three of this season's storms reached hurricane strength.

The season runs from June 1 through Nov. 30.

"Most folks are breathing a sigh of relief," says Beverly Bull,
manager of the Cape Hatteras Motel, where repairs from the damage
caused by Hurricane Emily in 1993 were completed in June. "We
were bracing for the worst."

With good reason. Last June, as the season got under way, forecasters
at Colorado State University in Fort Collins predicted a more
active Atlantic hurricane season than normal for the third year
in a row. But the size of El Nino, a huge mass of warm Pacific
water that disrupts global weather, was underestimated.

Bill Gray, the chief meteorologist at the university, predicted
that 11 named storms would occur, of which six would evolve into
hurricanes.

Of the three hurricanes this year, Bill died at sea, Danny swept
through the Gulf Coast, and Erika zigzagged around the Caribbean,
crossed the Atlantic and struck the Azores off Portugal.

"El Nino came in and just dominated," Gray says.

In essence, El Nino alters the winds in the tropical Atlantic,
where hurricanes that threaten the East Coast form. The altered
winds break up storms instead of helping them intensify.

The Atlantic has been so inactive this year that there were no
tropical storms at all during August, usually the peak of the
season.

September and October have been almost as quiet. In September,
one storm reached hurricane intensity. This month, there have
been just two tropical storms. The average for the period is seven
or eight storms.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              134 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  December 10, 1997, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Shopping the Superhighway Net can't fill all your stockings yet

BYLINE: Elizabeth Weise

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1278 words


Businesses of all stripes are setting up shop on the global Internet.
Shoppers are starting to loosen their purse strings and lose their
inhibitions about credit-card security. Analysts say cyber-sales
figures are beginning to explode. And the hype is building.

But can the Internet really take the place of traditional holiday
shopping?

Not quite yet, at least for a typical Christmas gift list. In
a test of the Net's prowess, I did find the perfect Christmas
tree ornament for a sister, baby clothes for a yet-to-be-born
tot and San Francisco's famous Peet's coffee for cousins in West
Virginia.


But a stainless steel dish drainer seemingly featured in every
mail-order catalog couldn't be located on line. And an out-of-print
book that was a childhood favorite will remain just a memory.
In the end, it took a trip to the mall, a stack of catalogs and
more than a few hours on line to check off everyone on the list.

Looking at the figures, that's not surprising. On-line sales have
more than tripled, from $ 707 million in 1996 to $ 2.6 billion this
year. But the plink of credit-card numbers being entered on keyboards
is nothing compared with the roar of cash registers -- $ 600 billion-plus
at retail in the holiday season alone. On-line shopping is "a
little -- a very little -- percentage of total retail sales. It's
still only a minor channel in the scope of things," says Nicole
Vanderbilt of Jupiter Communications in New York, which tracks
such things.

In 1997, the top sales items on the Internet are travel, computer
hardware and consumer electronics, specialty gifts such as flowers
and chocolate, and books, according to Jupiter. And even those
highly wired categories represent 3% or less of their total markets.

Still, you can find most of the things on line for which you might
otherwise have to visit brick and mortar. Prices are mostly comparable;
although some high-volume sites offer discounts, those savings
often are eaten up by shipping costs. You might save some money
because few sites charge state sales tax. But that loophole will
probably close next year.

And you can shop whenever you happen to have a few minutes, an
advantage for the rushed. "I was waiting at work to sign out,
and I realized I can just log on, go to Amazon.com and order this
book I want to give as a present," says a happy Lisa Backus,
an internist in San Francisco. "And they shipped it straight
to the person I wanted it to go to."

Aside from the everything-in-print book and CD sites, most Web
sites put up by retailers who already have a store or print catalog
oddly don't feature everything that's on their shelves or in their
pages.

Matthew Shaffer of Hayward, Calif., found himself somewhat frustrated
at the Land's End Web site. "They only had a fraction of their
neckties -- the ugly ones, I thought -- posted."

But it pays to poke around. By typing in style numbers from an
old catalog he had lying around, the ties and shirts he wanted
popped up. "I thought Land's End had a very slick arrangement,"
he says with satisfaction.

It doesn't always work out quite so well.

To test the Net's ability to locate the obscure, as a present
for my best friend I chose a copy of a magical book called The
Silver Crown, by Robert C. O'Brien, that we'd both loved as
kids. It's a mass-market paperback from 1968, and there are more
than 50 used book stores listed in Yahoo!'s directory -- how could
it not turn up? But by the time I typed in the title, author and
publisher at the 20th bookstore site to search its virtual shelves,
I was starting to worry.

Searching, like surfing, can become obsessive. Your feet don't
get tired, you don't have to park. Just click on one more link,
and then another. You never know what's coming next, and there's
always the hope that it will be exactly what you're looking for.
But that next site never brought this book.

My luck changed radically on the next item. My partner's grand-niece
is 2, and I'd been instructed to find a copy of the Wiggles' Christmas
CD for her. They're not much known in the USA, but I'm told the
Wiggles are the screaming hit of the 5-year-old set in Australia.

The words Australia and CD typed into a search site brought me
straight to Greg's Music World in Bateman's Bay, New South Wales.
They didn't just have the Wiggles' CDs, they had Wiggles cassettes,
Wiggles video tapes and even a handy currency converter so I could
tell how much their first two CDs were going to set me back.

To compare relative frustration levels, I shopped a suburban mall
the day after Thanksgiving. It was a zoo, as expected. What wasn't
expected was the dour salesperson at Macy's, about as unhelpful
as could be without spitting on me. After waiting in line for
20 minutes only to have her tell me I'd have to call around
to other stores to find the sheets I wanted for newlywed friends,
I ditched my list and left.

The experience made the next day, staring at the little hourglass
icon showing seconds tick on my screen, seem downright pleasant.

It's not at all sure that Web shopping saves time (though it certainly
saved a transcontinental trip). Just as you wander through a mall
and stop into stores just to see what they have, you tend to meander
on line. You think it's going to be quick and straightforward,
then find yourself reading about the history of the Helly Hansen
outdoor wear company in the Scandinavian Plaza at Microsoft's
shopping site.

Still, aimless on-line wandering really can pay off. Shirley Murphy
of Fort Lauderdale, Fla., still isn't sure how she ended up on
a Web page advertising those new can openers that turn down the
rim of the can, leaving no sharp edges.

"It wasn't that I thought, 'I'm going to sit down at the computer
and go shopping for a can opener,' " she says. "But I'd been
seeing it in catalogs and there it was. I thought I'd better buy
it, because I knew I'd never find my way back to that particular
place."

Murphy, 75, has been playing with her computer for almost a year.
She's not worried about using a credit card on line: "I can't
see it's worse than giving my credit card number over the phone
to some catalog person I don't know."

Indeed, on-line sales are on the rise in part because fewer people
seem worried about security. Every year 1-800-Flowers, the Long
Island-based florist, does a survey of its customers. Last year
78% expressed concerns about security on line. This year, says
president Jim McCann, only 32% even mentioned it as an issue.

It's true that on-line sales are hopping. But few retailers are
betting the company on a Web site. The name of the game seems
to be multichannel retailing -- having a store, a catalog, a Web
site and an 800 number, and letting customers use whatever works
best for them.

McCann says his company has seen on-line orders rise to about
10% of its $ 300 million annual business. And another 4% of his
customers mention the company's Web site when they call in orders.
"A lot of people will call, ask how to find us on the Web, use
that as a catalog and then call us back to place the order,"
he says.

That points up one final, notable failing of shopping on the Internet.
Matthew Shaffer used both the Web and phone for his shopping at
Land's End.

He liked the Web's convenience, but he missed hearing a live human
voice, telling him his order was in the system and would be filled
within 24 hours. "It'll be hard to get the public weaned from
that warm, friendly, patient person's voice in Wisconsin," he
says.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Suzy Parker, USA TODAY, Source: Jupiter Communications
(Line graph, Illustration)

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              135 of 135 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 26, 1997, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Rock 'n' roll legends enjoy a creative renaissance

BYLINE: Edna Gundersen

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 8D

LENGTH: 1247 words


Let's review some of the hipper happenings in rock this year:

-- Bob Dylan submitted the year's most absorbing album.

-- The Rolling Stones silenced detractors with the ferocious
Bridges to Babylon tour.

-- Paul McCartney returned to Beatlesque form on the charming
Flaming Pie.

-- John Fogerty emerged from seclusion with the rich, energetic
Blue Moon Swamp.


-- Fleetwood Mac danced to chart and box office gold with a glorious
reunion album and tour.

-- David Bowie outdazzled tribes of electro-pop nubiles.

The decade kicked off with Nirvana and an explosion of Gen-X stars,
but 1997 saw the triumphant return of artists hatched in the '60s
and '70s. This year's renaissance of boomer rock can be seen in
the commercial and artistic comebacks of McCartney, Van Morrison
and Dylan.

The Bee Gees and James Taylor resurfaced with strong albums that
exceeded sales expectations. The Stones trampled every other wanna-be
on the tour circuit.

Cynics might attribute the comeback epidemic to nostalgia bred
by pre-millennial tension. The truth: Rock's elder statesmen stopped
resting on their laurels, harnessed their creative energies and
reclaimed their stature.

The year did yield a handful of rising youngsters, notably Cornershop,
Fiona Apple, A3, OMC, Missy "Misdemeanor" Elliott and Erykah
Badu, and solidified the appeal of growing forces like Radiohead,
Oasis, Blur, the Foo Fighters and Bjork.

Yet nobody emerged with the heart-stopping candor and singular
phrasing of Dylan on Time. Or the wicked sting of former
MC5 guitarist Wayne Kramer on Citizen Wayne. Or the defiant
grit of country-rocker Steve Earle on El Corazon. Or the
vocal purity of James Taylor on Hourglass. Any of these
guys could be Hanson's grandpa.

Despite impressive comebacks, the year brought few unflawed works
and is most notable for a steady stream of infectious singles:
Sublime's Doin' Time, Smash mouth's Walkin' on the Sun,
Luscious Jackson's Naked Eye, Hanson's MMMBop, Blur's
Song 2, The Verve's Bitter Sweet Symphony, Chumbawamba's
Tubthumping and Prodigy's Firestarter.

Incidentally, some of 1997's most clingy tracks were built on
vintage foundations: Janet Jackson's Got 'Til It's Gone
cribs Joni Mitchell, Elliott's The Rain (Supa Dupa Fly) takes
cues from Ann Peebles' I Can't Stand the Rain, and Puff
Daddy's I'll Be Missing You echoes the Police hit Every
Breath You Take.

The year's keepers:

1. Bob Dylan, Time out of Mind. His first album of new
material in seven years finds Dylan exploring mortality, heartbreak
and isolation with blunt sincerity. His voice, clear and confident,
is by turns nakedly vulnerable and eerily stern as he dwells on
dwindling hope in spellbinding tunes like Not Dark Yet and
Standing in the Doorway. The 161/2-minute talking-blues
epic Highlands winds from humor to yearning to despair
as it weaves a yarn that blurs reality and dreams. A brilliant
chapter in Dylan's songwriting saga.

2. U2, Pop. The Irish quartet returned with a thrilling
melange of club beats, samples and sonic wrinkles woven into its
familiar soaring rock. Without severing ties to melody, substance,
musical chops and honesty, U2 blazes a bold trail on radiant,
daredevil tunes like the trip-hopping Miami, fuming Wake
Up Dead Man and industrialized Mofo.

3. Radiohead, OK Computer. Thom Yorke's lovely aching tenor
carries the band's richly textured art-rock to stirring new realms
on this ambitious third album. Grand, anthemic arrangements with
building choruses intensify the drama of high-tech phobia and
the dread of isolation, themes probed in tunes like Paranoid
Android, Subterranean Homesick Alien and Karma Police.

4. Prodigy, The Fat of the Land. Composer/keyboardist Liam
Howlett's belligerent beats echo the Sex Pistols, Nirvana and
Public Enemy. Add the cartoonishly psychotic vocals of Keith Flint
and you have an irresistibly menacing rock-techno conspiracy.
From the battering punk cover of L7's Fuel My Fire to a
mystic Narayan, Prodigy expands the frontiers of machined
music without leaving the dance floor.

5. Cornershop, When I Was Born for the 7th Time. A British
quintet of Asian and Indian extraction embodies global-village
culture in this brilliant melange of dharma vibe, retro guitar
noise and hip-hop beats. Sitars, tamoura, congas and Tjinder Singh's
fevered vocals blend in dreamy exotica like Chocolat, Butter
the Soul and Brimful of Asha.

6. Oasis, Be Here Now. Brothers Noel and Liam Gallagher
shamelessly plumb the Beatles' legacy but are saved from derivative
clonehood by their grace, clear (albeit rearview) vision and copious
talent. Whether tackling swaggering arena rock anthems like It's
Gettin' Better (Man!!), joyous pop like D'You Know What
I Mean? or sweeping romantic ballads, Oasis brings commitment,
personality and musicianship to an engaging sound that's bound
to outlast today's desperate trend-seekers.

7. Missy "Misdemeanor" Elliott, Supa Dupa Fly. Long known
for her collaborative work with rap stars, Elliott breaks out
with a spectacular solo album, full of slippery rhythms and sonic
innovation and a blueprint for hip-hop's next metamorphosis.

8. David Bowie, Earthling. Exhilarating, urgent and richly
melodic, Bowie's authoritative techno art-rock fuses organic and
mechanical forces, reflecting a theme that examines the dance
between spiritual yearning and technological quests. Synthesizers
drive the industrial racket underlying Reeves Gabrels' daredevil
guitar and Bowie's crooning baritone, elements that conjure a
meld of passion and distance.

9. Portishead, Portishead. The band's ethereal trip-hop
descends to murky depths, smothering jazz, hip-hop and '40s torch
tendencies in a thick haze of despair. The morbidly graceful tunes
make fine use of Beth Gibbons' cool, disembodied vocals and Geoff
Barrow's synth alchemy.

10. Ron Sexsmith, Other Songs. The Canadian singer/songwriter's
elegant album is a testament to the enduring appeal of simplicity
and sensitivity. Evoking Harry Nilsson and Tim Hardin, Sexsmith
wraps his melancholy tenor around warm melodies and wistful lyrics
that are refreshingly free of cynicism.

Also-rans: The Verve, Urban Hymns; Steve Earle, El Corazon,
Primal Scream, Vanishing Point; OMC, How Bizarre;
John Fogerty, Blue Moon Swamp; Patti Smith, Peace
& Noise; Death in Vegas, Dead Elvis; and the Dandy
Warhols, The Dandy Warhols Come Down.

Disappointments:

1. Spice Girls, Spiceworld. Salty come-ons and sour girl
power diatribes dribbled over flavorless pop. Kid stuff.

2. Michael Jackson, Blood on the Dance Floor: HIStory in the
Mix. Glossy, overproduced recycled tunes that prove the self-proclaimed
King of Pop reigns no more.

3. Celine Dion, Let's Talk About Love. Let's talk about
a technically stunning voice ladled over sappy pop and shorn of
emotional investment.

4. Elton John, The Big Picture. After a touching tribute
to Princess Diana that yielded history's biggest single, he flopped
on this halfhearted, plodding batch of throwaway pop.

5. Veruca Salt, Eight Arms to Hold You. And one tin ear
to appreciate this hyped alternapop band.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Gerard Julien, AFP

TYPE: MUSIC

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.
