
                               1 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 16, 2001, Monday, FINAL EDITION

6 ways to combat global warming Debate moves past whether it's happening to
what, if anything, should be done about it

BYLINE: Traci Watson and Jonathan Weisman

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 2773 words


Glaciers are receding. Oceans are rising. Alaska is thawing.

As officials from nearly 180 nations start to gather today in
Bonn, Germany, to confront the vexing problem of global warming,
the issue is no longer whether it is real, but what should be
done about it.

"There is no question there is climate change," says Sen. Chuck
Hagel, R-Neb., a foe of past efforts to combat global warming.
"We're beyond that debate."


Indeed, there is near-unanimous scientific agreement that the
world has warmed by about 1degree Fahrenheit in the past century.
Most attribute part of that change to the buildup of carbon dioxide
and other "greenhouse" gases that trap heat in the Earth's atmosphere.
Where they disagree is how much and how fast the world might warm
in the future.

When President Bush declared this spring that he was withdrawing
the United States from the Kyoto Protocol, a 1997 international
treaty intended to curb rising temperatures, he drew angry attacks
from European nations and domestic critics. They accused him of
turning his back on the issue. On Friday, Bush announced NASA
would spend more than $ 120 million on global-warming research.

But as tempers have cooled, politicians and environmental experts
are giving fresh thought to alternatives to Kyoto, from a full-throttle
assault on greenhouse gases to strategies on living with a hotter
climate. Ways to reduce greenhouse emissions through trading of
pollution credits are getting a new hearing. Technological solutions
are drawing attention, too.

The negotiators gathered in Bonn for the next two weeks will focus
only on finalizing the Kyoto Protocol. They're unlikely to resolve
their differences, many experts say. A meeting in November collapsed
in discord. And several nations are threatening to pull out of
the treaty, effectively killing it, because of Bush's decision.
The U.S. president is likely to create a new rift at a summit
of industrial nations in Genoa, Italy, this week by opposing a
drive to phase out subsidies for fuels that emit greenhouse gases
and provide money to develop low-polluting energy sources.

With so little consensus, the options requiring the least effort
and expense may win by default. A new research program would be
cheaper than a global treaty on curbing greenhouse gases. Doing
nothing would be easier still.

There are several approaches for tackling global warming, if only
the world can stop arguing long enough to choose one.

1. Finish and ratify Kyoto

Good or bad, the Kyoto Protocol, named after the Japanese city
where a final deal was struck, has become the starting point for
discussions about solutions. The protocol sets a deadline of 2012
for industrial, or developed, nations to cut emissions of greenhouse
gases to 5% below their 1990 level.

Targets for individual nations vary, however. The USA, which produces
a quarter of the world's greenhouse gases, would be required to
reduce its emissions to 7% below 1990's level. Based on 1999 emissions,
that amounts to cutting greenhouse gases by nearly 20%. Developing
nations would meet reduction targets on a voluntary basis and
would receive aid from industrial countries to adopt clean-air
technologies.

Bush contends that the treaty would be disastrous for the U.S.
economy and is unfair because it doesn't make similar demands
on developing nations. European nations remain committed to Kyoto.
But other countries, such as Japan and Canada, are vacillating.

Treaty supporters say U.S. compliance costs are modest. The World
Wildlife Fund estimates that savings from sharply declining energy
use would more than offset economic dislocations, leading to a
net gain for the country's economic output of $ 48 billion in 2010.
But an economic study sponsored by the oil industry and business
groups that oppose the treaty says compliance would cost the average
household $ 2,944 a year in reduced economic output and increased
energy prices.

For the treaty to take effect, it must be OK'd by 55 of the 180
or so nations that negotiated it. Also, those 55 must include
enough industrialized nations to account for at least 55% of carbon
dioxide emissions in 1990. If Japan decided to join the United
States in dumping the treaty, the 55% threshold would be nearly
out of reach.

At best, the treaty would slow the addition of greenhouse gases
into the atmosphere. So it wouldn't make much of a dent in the
problem, with or without the USA. Still, supporters see the protocol
as a vital first step.

Sen. John Kerry, D-Mass., says Bush's withdrawal from treaty negotiations
was an abdication of U.S. leadership. "This is a global problem
that people all over the planet have accepted, and the United
States . . . has been unwilling to deal with the problem."

Critics of Kyoto say it sets unrealistic goals with potentially
devastating economic costs. That is why the U.S. Senate would
never approve the treaty even if Bush embraced it and submitted
it for ratification, detractors say.

"The Kyoto agreement was based on the notion, 'Here's a target,
and we're going to hit it at any cost,' " says Peter Wilcoxen,
an economist at the University of Texas. "A prudent, reasonable
Senate could never agree to something like that, committing the
country to do something that we don't know can be done, and agreeing
to do it at any cost."

2. Include developing nations

Bush likes the idea of making China, India and other developing
nations do more. In a rare consensus, pro-Kyoto groups agree.
Industry groups and Kyoto critics say fairness demands all polluters
act now. U.S. involvement, Bush said in June, "must be based
on global participation, including that of developing countries."

But both sides clash on how soon the developing world should slash
its emissions, which are a major part of the problem. Scientists
say these nations already exceed the industrialized world in carbon-dioxide
emissions.

Kyoto backers say rich nations polluted on their way to prosperity
and that poorer nations should have more time to raise living
standards before meeting costly pollution targets. "It's just
untenable to ask countries that are extremely poor to take action
before countries that are responsible have done something to show
they're serious," says Kevin Baumert of environmental think tank
World Resources Institute.

Eileen Claussen, a former climate negotiator for the Clinton administration,
says a global-warming treaty would be more equitable if it took
into account a country's ability to pay for emission cuts and
how easily it could make such cuts. By those standards, a treaty
could include nations such as China and Mexico.

3. Trade pollution like stock

To reach Kyoto's targets, the Clinton administration envisioned
a global cap on greenhouse gases. Governments would issue permits
allotting each company an emission cap. Companies unable to stay
within their limit could buy permits from companies that could
reduce emissions below their caps. Permits would be traded like
stock.

Here's how it would work: Company X, which uses the latest technology
to burn coal for electricity, receives a permit that lets it emit
1,000 tons of greenhouse gases a year. But the company, which
now emits 1,500 tons of pollutants a year, believes it will cost
too much to switch to cleaner-burning natural gas. Meanwhile,
Company Y also gets a permit to emit 1,000 tons of greenhouse
gases a year. But it has an antiquated coal-fired system that
it can economically retrofit to be more efficient. As a result,
it expects its plants to reduce emissions to 500 tons. So it sells
its unused 500 tons to Company X. Averaged together, both companies'
emissions fall within the emissions cap.

Supporters expect that most sellers of permits would be outdated
Russian, Chinese and Indian power plants that would get financial
assistance under Kyoto to modernize. The buyers would largely
be Western companies.

The problems:

* China and India have refused to participate in any trading
scheme, and Europe wants to limit trading with Russia for fear
that U.S. companies will simply buy their way out of the problem.

* The price of permits could skyrocket as the Kyoto deadline
approached, making the system unworkable. Faced with soaring costs,
companies that needed to buy the permits might renege on their
commitments to meet the emissions targets. And Kyoto so far has
no enforcement mechanisms.

To prevent speculation in the permit market, University of Texas
economist Wilcoxen and Australian economist Warwick McKibbin propose
that governments also sell permits good for only one year and
at costs the governments believe to be reasonable. Enforcement
would become a national issue instead of a matter for a new, international
policing body.

The McKibbin-Wilcoxen proposal has advocates in the White House.
Wilcoxen has briefed members of the president's Council of Economic
Advisers.

4. Wait and study

Business groups and cautious politicians, including Bush, say
there is no rush to implement solutions. They say holes in our
knowledge should be patched first. "We don't really know enough
to make significant policy decisions" about global warming, says
Hagel, who has led opposition to Kyoto.

This side says points of contention include:

* Whether greenhouse gases are the primary cause of global
warming or whether natural climate cycles are responsible.

* How clouds and pollutants other than greenhouse gases
mitigate global warming by reflecting heat from the sun back into
space.

* How sensitive the Earth's climate is to a buildup of
greenhouse gases, and which regions would suffer the worst consequences.

Those urging action say the world can't afford to wait. "If for
some reason the science is overstated, all we will have done is
to decrease air pollution, improve people's health and increase
the nation's energy independence," Sen. Joe Lieberman, D-Conn.,
says. "That's not bad."

5. Adapt and accept

There is another school of thought: It is simply too expensive
and difficult to beat global warming, so let's live with it.

Scientists never will understand how the Earth will respond to
all of the atmospheric changes wrought by humanity, says Jesse
Ausubel, director of the Program for the Human Environment at
Rockefeller University in New York. After 20 years of research,
he says, "the spray of views is undiminished, and a new mystery
arises for every one apparently solved." He suggests that people
learn to live with global warming.

That idea may have a receptive audience at the White House. Lawrence
Lindsey, Bush's chief economic adviser, has suggested that the
cheapest way to deal with climate change might be to combat the
phenomena that might result from warming, such as flooding and
more powerful hurricanes.

In 1991, the National Academy of Sciences laid out a strategy
for adapting:

* Surround sensitive coastal wetlands with dikes to stave
off rising seas.

* Build freshwater aquifers and reservoirs to prepare for
drought.

* Protect coastal cities with sea walls and change building
codes and land-use plans to prepare for higher storm surges.

Turning those recommendations into policy would be a bold and
brave stroke, says Robert Mendelsohn, a Yale University economist
who believes combating global warming would produce scant results
at a very steep cost.

But Jessica Mathews, president of the Carnegie Endowment for International
Peace and an expert on the issue, says a policy of adaptation
could supplant efforts to tackle the problem. That could be disastrous.
"A third of the world's population lives within 50 miles of a
coastline," Mathews says. "You could protect Manhattan, where
there is great wealth, but that's not possible in the Ganges or
Nile river deltas, or even Louisiana."

Even Mendelsohn concedes that large parts of the world could not
survive a warmer world. Low-lying poor countries could not afford
the engineering needed to keep out a rising ocean. Hot tropical
nations would only get hotter. Some countries in the North Atlantic
Ocean could turn frigid as warm ocean currents shift away from
their shores.

6. Futuristic fixes

Cutting energy usage sharply to reduce greenhouse gases could
disrupt the economy and lifestyles of Americans. Some scientists
suggest tinkering with Earth's climate, a solution known as geoengineering.
The U.S. government takes them seriously.

Earlier this month, the Energy Department announced it would spend
$ 25 million to study techniques for socking away carbon dioxide
in places where it can't escape into the atmosphere. Among the
projects the agency is funding: research on pumping carbon dioxide
from power plants into coal seams, and studies on ways to soak
up carbon dioxide with trees, which incorporate the gas into roots
and branches.

One idea is to harness the power of plankton, tiny ocean plants
that absorb carbon dioxide. In some places, low iron rates limit
its growth, so why not dump in iron and let plankton bloom? The
government has funded small tests and plans a larger trial.

Other ideas stretch the imagination. Scientists have proposed
fleets of Mylar balloons and giant orbiting mirrors. Other ideas
make use of an air pollutant called sulfate that reflects sunlight.
One scientist has suggested giant guns that shoot sulfate particles
into the atmosphere; another would send up a fleet of extra-dirty
jets to spew sulfate into the sky, forming a planetary sunscreen.


The costs of a cure: Estimates vary widely

Cost estimates from 1998 for implementing the Kyoto Protocol vary
widely. Some forecasters include complicated emissions-trading
schemes and offsetting economic gains from energy-efficient technologies.
Others are far more pessimistic.

World Wildlife Fund: Kyoto would lead to energy savings that would
more than offset the costs of economic dislocations. U.S. economic
output would grow by $ 48 billion in 2010 and $ 135 billion in 2020.

Clinton White House: Economic output would decline $ 8 billion
to $ 13 billion per year from 2008 to 2012. Gasoline prices would
rise 4 cents to 7 cents a gallon. Average household energy bills
would rise $ 76 to $ 120 a year.[+1]

Energy Department: Economic output would decline $ 16 billion to
$ 91 billion in 2010. Gasoline prices would rise 17 cents to 75
cents a gallon.

WEFA: Private forecasting firm said economic output would decline
by $ 314 billion in 2010. Gasoline prices would rise by 71 cents
a gallon. That translates to an average household cost of $ 2,944.

1 -- All figures adjusted to 2001 value.

Source: USA TODAY research

TEXT WITHIN GRAPHIC BEGINS HERE

What causes global warming

Most scientists say the buildup of heat-trapping "greenhouse"
gases in the atmosphere is warming the planet.

Steps to producing global warming:

1 - Sunlight passes through the atmosphere.

2 - The Earth absorbs varying amounts of the sun's warmth.

3 - Various gases collect in the atmosphere

4 - The Earth's surface emits heat.

5 - The greenhouse gases in the atmosphere absorb some of the
heat. This warms the Earth and is likely to change flood and drought
patterns and raise sea level.

Carbon dioxide (83% of greenhouse emissions): Formed when coal,
oil, gasoline, fields and forests are burned.

Methane (9% of emissions): Given off by rice paddies, belching
cows and flatulent termites.

Nitrous oxide, sulfur hexaflouride, perfluorinated carbons, hydrocarbons
(8% of emissions): Produced by industry

Source: Office of Science and Technology Policy, 1997: Congressional
Budget Office; United Nations Environment Program; World Meteorological
Organization

Who pollutes the most

How nations rank based on their percentage contribution to global
carbon dioxide emissions from fossil fuels:

USA24.8%
China10.9%
Russia 6.5%
Japan 5.0%
India 4.0%
Germany 3.7%
United Kingdom 2.5%
Canada 2.5%
Italy 2.0%
France 1.8%

Top 10 per capita polluters

The rankings change based on carbon dioxide emissions per person:

USA5.6
Australia5.0
Canada4.9
Netherlands4.1
Belgium3.7
Germany2.8
Czech Republic2.8
Russia2.7
United Kingdom2.6
Japan2.4

Source: World Resources Institute (1999 data)

Where emissions come from
Transportation33%
Factories32%
Residences19%
Stores and offices16%

Source: Congressional Budget Office (1998 data)

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Bob Laird, USA TODAY; GRAPHIC, B/W, Quin Tian, USA
TODAY, Source: Office of Science and Technology Policy, 1997: Congressional
Budget Office; United Nations Environment Program; World Meteorological
Organization; GRAPHIC, B/W, Quin Tian, USA TODAY, Source: Congressional Budget
Office (1998 data) (BAR GRAPH and PIE CHART); GRAPHICS, B/W (GRAPHIC, 6)

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               7 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    July 18, 2001, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Seas create real water hazard Changing climate at root of erosion that's putting
links courses in jeopardy

BYLINE: Ellen Hale

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 1245 words

DATELINE: ST. ANDREWS, Scotland


ST. ANDREWS, Scotland -- Don't look down when you drive off the
eighth tee of the formidable Jubilee Course here. Four hundred
yards of rock-filled wire cages are helping hold it up, but a
good storm could wash it away.

Don't look down, either, if you're playing the third hole at Royal
Aberdeen, up the coast. That tee, once 60 yards from the edge
of the dune, is just 2 yards from a 40-foot drop into the ocean.

And you might want to consider wearing waders at Royal West Norfolk
Golf Club, near Brancaster in England. The encroaching sea has
left the clubhouse marooned on the beach. When the tide comes
in, you could find yourself stranded at the 19th hole.


On the eve of the 130th British Open, some of Britain's oldest,
best-known and most spectacular golf courses are under assault
from climate change. Whether caused by human activity or a result
of natural cycles, rising sea levels, increasing rainfall, higher
tides and heavier winds are threatening many of the world's most
important seaside courses. In some cases, centuries-old clubs
are being forced to move holes for the first time.

"Erosion is natural in seaside areas," says three-time British
Open champion Gary Player, who is also a golf course architect.
"It's something that you have to work against. I've seen tremendous
things being done in Japan to stop it. They used huge boulders
and wire mesh that's quite effective."

At St. Andrews, increasingly violent winter weather is eating
away at the seaside sand dunes that define links golf. While the
Old Course, the 600-year-old "Home of Golf," is safe for now,
nature has had to be propped up at the Jubilee Course, where high
winds and surging tides are eroding the dunes along the estuary
that borders it.

"It's just lose, lose, lose," laments Gordon Moir, links manager
for St. Andrews Links Trust, which oversees the six courses at
St. Andrews.

In 1997 greenskeeper Davy Wilson set a row of seven stakes 10
yards from the edge of the dune on Jubilee's vulnerable eighth
hole; five of them now are only 3 yards away. In a single day
last year, 10 feet of land washed into the water. St. Andrews
installed 1,200 feet of gabions along the coastline last winter
and will dump 12,000 cubic feet of sand on the beach next month
to further buffer the hole.

Dangerous decades ahead

Dozens of other clubs around the country are shoring up their
coastlines with protective fences and barriers, putting in drainage
systems, buying spare land and drafting plans to squeeze in new
tees or holes when old ones disappear.

Geomorphologist John Pethick of the University of Newcastle thinks
global warming threatens the existence of many of Britain's links
courses over the next 50 years. While his proposed solutions have
been met with disdain, his predictions seem widely accepted.

A survey last August of 50 links courses by Golf World magazine
revealed that in the last 20 years three-fourths have suffered
serious erosion and flooding, one-third have lost entire holes
or parts of holes, two-thirds have taken steps to protect themselves
from damage and more than half are working on long-term survival
plans.

In a recent report the Chartered Insurance Institute, the professional
organization for the sector in Britain, warned that the impact
of global warming on the golf industry -- and tourism -- could
be devastating. Thousands of Americans make pilgrimages to Britain's
famed links courses. At St. Andrews, where 200,000 rounds of golf
are played annually, they make up the lion's share of overseas
visitors.

Links courses are the antiques of the golf world and so named
because they are set on sand and dunes reclaimed from the ocean
that "link" the water to the land. The first place golf was
played, the Old Course at St. Andrews, is a links course, as are
most of the oldest courses in Britain. Of 540 golf courses in
Scotland, 180 are links courses.

Tiger Woods won the British Open at St. Andrews last year but
was a fan of links courses long before.

"The first time I played a true links course was when I came
over in '95 to play in the Scottish Open," Woods says. "The
wind was howling. It was a test. You had to be creative. You try
shots you don't normally try. That is when I fell in love with
playing links golf because of the options and challenges it presents."

Relocation, relocation, relocation

The British Open is always on a links course. Royal Lytham and
St. Annes Golf Club in northwest England, the 110-year-old home
of this week's Open, is unique as a links course because it is
surrounded by homes. As a result it doesn't suffer erosion or
flooding.

But plenty of other links courses in Britain do:

* After extraordinary rains in England last year, drainage
ditches had to be dug at low-lying RoyalSt. George's Golf Club
in Kent, the 2003 Open venue.

* A single storm in 1990 wiped out the first tee at the
Royal West Norfolk and left its Victorian clubhouse just yards
from the sea.

* Royal Aberdeen Golf Club, smack on the North Sea, will
have to relocate holes for the first time in its 221-year history.
The first green to the ninth tee is endangered, according to manager
Robert Patterson.

"The beauty of this course is the way the tees are played now,"
Patterson says. "They're really high tees. You're 40 feet up
there looking at the North Sea. This is pure links golf. T'wud
be a pity to lose it."

Scientists predict that by 2050 sea levels in the British Isles
will rise 1-4 inches and weather extremes -- from storms to droughts
-- will grow more severe.

"The fact is climate is changing, whether it's because of man's
input or not. And golf courses are very much at risk," says Richard
Bates, a geoscientist from the University of St. Andrews studying
the effect of global warming on Scotland's golf courses.

One recent piece of evidence: New satellite surveys that show
the Atlantic waves that pound the coast of Britain have increased
in height 25% the last 20 years.

Looking for help

While St. Andrews can afford to mount defenses against climate
change, many courses cannot. This year, the Royal and Ancient
Golf Club at St. Andrews, the world governing body of golf and
sponsor of the British Open, started providing financial assistance
to other clubs in grants of up to $ 150,000. About a dozen have
applied for help so far, according to Duncan Weir, golf development
secretary for the Royal and Ancient.

But most defenses are pointless, argues scientist Pethick. He
recommends courses migrate with the shifting dunes and that clubs
buy land to build new holes when old ones wash away. "They are
going to move, and we must move with them," Pethick has said.
Otherwise, he warns, there may not be many links courses left
in 50 years.

That strategy doesn't sit well with most clubs, who have little
room to move and who consider links courses an integral part of
the country's heritage.

"We would never abandon this club, not without a fight," says
Nigel Carrington-Smith, secretary of the 110-year-old Royal West
Norfolk, where a double row of zigzagged mesh fencing has been
erected between the first holes and the coast. "In an age when
everything tends to be the same and you have something like this,
something you could never make again, how can you sit by and do
nothing?"

 Contributing: Jerry Potter

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, b/w, St. Andrews Link Trust(2); Tricky shot: Golfers tee off
over workers trying to save the eighth hole on the Jubilee Course at St.
Andrews. In one day last year, 10 feet of land washed into the water. Ultimate
sand trap: Stone-filled wire structures, or gabions, are installed along the
dunes.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               8 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 20, 2001, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Hurricane season may hit the East harder Some meteorologists disagree with
findings

BYLINE: Dan Vergano

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 628 words


The number of major hurricanes hitting the heavily populated East
Coast will increase in coming decades, federal scientists say.

North Atlantic hurricane activity has doubled over the past six
years, and "the present high level of hurricane activity is likely
to persist for an additional 10 to 40 years," researchers say
in today's issue of Science.

"We believe a disaster is waiting to happen in the United States.
We're talking repeated multibillion-dollar damage," says study
leader Stan Goldenberg of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Administration (NOAA) in Miami.

A natural increase in the temperature of the sea surface -- part
of a roughly 40-year cycle of lows and highs -- rather than any
climate change lies behind the increased activity.

Warmer surface temperatures impart more energy to storms and help
equalize wind speeds at low and high altitudes, a necessary condition
for starting hurricanes.

From 1971 to 1994, a cold period, the North Atlantic averaged
1.5 major hurricanes a year. A major hurricane is defined as a
"Category 3" storm with winds higher than 110 mph. Since then,
the sea-surface temperature has increased, and the average number
of major hurricanes has risen to 3.8.

Historical records show a similar pattern of repeating hurricane
activity and surface temperatures alternating every few decades.

Other factors, including El Ni[ntilde]o in the Pacific and wind
patterns over North Africa, also affect the duration and severity
of the storm activity, scientists say. El Ni[ntilde]o is a weather
disruption in the tropical Pacific that has global impact.

The most recent "quiet period" was a time of unprecedented coastal
development in the gulf and Atlantic coastal areas, says climatologist
George Taylor of Oregon State University in Corvallis.

"I suspect we may have been lulled into a false sense of security
by the decades of benign weather," he says.

About 55% of the U.S. population lives within 50 miles of the
coastline, according to the American Coastal Coalition.

Officials say they fear that hurricane evacuations will prove
costly and produce gridlock instead of promoting safety in an
era of more frequent storms and more crowded coastlines.

Not all meteorologists are convinced that the number of hurricanes
will increase.

In an editorial in Science, Lennart Bengstsson of the Max
Planck Institute for Meteorology in Germany says, "The records
are too short and incomplete to claim that the coastal United
States may be in for a longer period of higher hurricane activity."

In May, NOAA's "Atlantic Hurricane Outlook" gave a 50% likelihood
of "normal" storm activity for 2001, with one or two hurricanes
reaching land.

However, another expert, climatologist James Elsner of Florida
State University in Tallahassee, calls the increase prediction
"reasonable." Elsner suggests that a more powerful east-to-west
current in the Atlantic would add to the number of major storms
smashing into coastlines.

Of the 23 major hurricanes originating in the Atlantic, north
of the equator since 1995, only three -- Opal, Fran and Bret --
have come onto the U.S. mainland.

"We're going to need a whole different scenario for emergency
management on the coast," Elsner says.

TEXT WITHIN GRAPHIC BEGINS HERE

Hurricanes increase

Researchers say the East Coast will face more major hurricanes
because of an increase of warm ocean water, which fuels storms.
Yearly average number of storms:

1944-702.7 (1) (Warm ocean)
1971-941.5 (Cool ocean)
1995-003.8 (Warm ocean)

1 - Could have been higher because some storms probably were missed
before 1960s, when first weather satellites were launched.



LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Frank Pompa, USA TODAY, Source: July 20, 2001, Science
magazine (BAR GRAPH)

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               9 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 3, 2001, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Bush trades global-warming concerns for energy profits

BYLINE: DeWayne Wickham

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 1200 words


At the beginning of the last century, Theodore Roosevelt sent
16 battleships on an around-the-world cruise. His "gunboat diplomacy"
awakened the world to this nation's military might and signaled
the end to a century of American isolationism.

Last week, George W. Bush -- another GOP president -- started
to rebuild the walls of "fortress America" when he announced
the withdrawal of this nation's support for the Kyoto Protocol,
an international agreement to reduce the worldwide emissions of
the greenhouse gases that are thought to cause global warming.

Bush's decision is "smokestack diplomacy." In rescinding the
backing the Clinton administration had given the Kyoto treaty
-- which has strong support among this nation's European allies
-- Bush said the reductions in carbon-dioxide emissions required
by the agreement would hurt the U.S. economy.


That sounds more like an excuse than a reason.

Unemployment last month was a paltry 4.2%. Since February of last
year, 1.8 million jobs have been created in this country, indicating
that the U.S. economy remains strong at its core. Bush's opposition
to the Kyoto Protocol understandably riles much of the rest of
the world, as well as many in this country. While the United States
is home to approximately 6% of the globe's population, it produces
25% of the greenhouse gases that are causing dangerous shifts
in the world's climate. Bush's "to-hell-with-them" approach
to the worries other nations have about the impact of our gluttonous
production of greenhouse gases is a narrow-minded retreat into
a new era of isolationism -- one that is defined not by disengagement
but political chauvinism.

Bush's abandonment of the Kyoto Protocol followed an announcement
that he will break his campaign promise to force power plants
to reduce their carbon-dioxide emissions. Bush said his reversal
is driven by a looming energy crisis; but it's more likely a reward
to the coal industry that helped him win the Democratic stronghold
of West Virginia in the presidential election. When it comes to
the fruits of his victory, Bush is more inclined to place the
interests of his corporate supporters ahead of the voters. That's
understandable, given that most people who went to the polls cast
their ballots for Democrat Al Gore.

And so, too, is Bush's treatment of this nation's allies. During
his campaign for the presidency, Bush promised to strengthen relations
with our friends abroad -- relationships he claimed had been weakened
by Bill Clinton's mismanagement of foreign affairs. But instead
of making good on this commitment, Bush has put the short-term
interests of his energy-industry cronies ahead of the nation's
long-term foreign-policy concerns.

Rather than lead this nation by telling people of the need to
reduce the greenhouse gases we produce now so the world won't
be wracked by calamitous climate changes later, Bush resorts to
isolationist rhetoric and action. Instead of worrying about the
devastating effects the uncontrolled emission of greenhouse gases
will have in the 21st century, Bush circles his wagons in defense
of the 20th century energy-production techniques that belch poisonous
gases in the atmosphere.

Friday, the Bush administration dug in its heels deeper by rebuffing
a call by Latin American countries for industrialized nations
to cut their production of greenhouse gases -- a decision that
no doubt strained relations with those nations. But the more troubling
damage done by Bush's bad environmental policies is to our relationship
with our European allies, which, in this post-Cold War era, are
less likely to give the United States blind allegiance -- or accept
its political slights.

What passes for an environmental policy in the Bush administration
is actually a plan to expand the profits of domestic energy companies
at the risk of a worldwide climate catastrophe. These temperature
changes, in the long run, pose a greater threat to Americans than
the economic turndown that Bush pretends to fear.

DeWayne Wickham writes weekly for USA TODAY.

LOAD-DATE: April 03, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              10 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 7, 2001, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

How Bush can charm skeptical Europeans

BYLINE: Antony J. Blinken

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 782 words


White House officials are concerned that President Bush's first
visit to Europe next week could prove a fiasco. Europe's press
portrays Bush as a poster child for bad behavior at home (think
the death penalty) and hegemonic hubris abroad (think climate
change and missile defense). "Europeans have concluded," read
a representative blast in Britain's Guardian, "that the
U.S. government has been captured by an exceptionally irresponsible
and foolish man."

Precisely because the bar is so low, Bush has an opportunity to
soar above expectations. He should seize it. Most of the challenges
America faces -- ethnic hatreds; the proliferation of weapons
of mass destruction; networks of terror, crime and drugs; environmental
degradation; economic dislocation; the spread of disease -- are
more effectively met by working with partners. For all of the
talk of reorienting U.S. foreign policy toward Asia or Latin America,
Europe remains our partner of choice.


Here's what Bush should say to win over Europeans and advance
American interests:

* The Balkans. Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld wants
to bail out of the Balkans now. Secretary of State Colin Powell
has reassured nervous allies that, having gone in together, we'll
go out together. Bush should definitively side with Powell. Maintaining
a few thousand U.S. soldiers in the Balkans is easily sustainable
and necessary for stability. If we want Europeans to stand with
us during the next Desert Storm, we should stay with them now.

 * Europe's Rapid Reaction Force (RRF). European leaders
are still seeking clear U.S. support for their proposed 60,000-strong
force. Despite wishful thinking by some Europeans and wolf crying
by some Americans, the RRF will not undermine NATO. Europeans
know they need NATO's unique capabilities. The European force
could result in a more equitable sharing of the trans-Atlantic
defense burden and a NATO whose European members have the training,
technology and resources to match ours. Bush has nothing to lose
and goodwill to gain by strongly endorsing the RRF.

* Missile defense. European doubts about missile defense
are exacerbated by the tendency of its most zealous American proponents
to talk about the technology as the answer to all of our security
concerns. In an era of suitcase nukes, anthrax vials, cyberwarfare
and porous borders, this strikes Europeans as misguided. Bush
can build European support for missile defense by emphasizing
that it is one element of a comprehensive security strategy. He
should highlight the other elements -- diplomacy, non-proliferation
programs, arms control, economic sanctions and inducements. He
should announce a new effort to engage North Korea. And he should
explain that it would be irresponsible not to pursue missile defense,
too, as an insurance policy against irreparable catastrophe.

 * Russia. Europeans perceived the administration's tough
talk on Russia and its failure to set an early meeting with President
Vladimir Putin as evidence of a Cold War mentality. Bush should
lay out a pragmatic agenda for U.S.-Russian relations. A positive
relationship matters in and of itself. It also matters if we want
our allies, who are hypersensitive to Russian concerns, to back
missile defense and NATO enlargement to the Baltics.

 * Climate change. Bush's decision to declare the Kyoto
Protocol dead crystallized European concerns that the United States
is a bull in the global china shop. That action undermined years
of effort, disaffected European publics and roiled governments
with Greens in their coalitions. Reports Wednesday indicated Bush
is already considering alternatives. Ideally, he would announce
that the United States is prepared to re-engage on the Kyoto issues,
but insist on critical improvements necessary to secure Senate
support. Short of that, Bush should set out a positive program
on climate change, explain why he could not support Kyoto and
acknowledge European criticism. He'll win points for tackling
the issue instead of dodging it.

Candidate Bush spoke eloquently about bringing humility to our
foreign policy and renewing our alliances. In Europe, President
Bush is perceived to have done the opposite. For all of America's
might, it has become more important than ever to convince our
friends that we are right in the policies we pursue. So far, the
administration has been far from persuasive. Bush can turn that
around when he travels to Europe.

Antony J. Blinken, senior fellow at the Center for Strategic
and International Studies, was President Bill Clinton's senior
adviser for European affairs.

LOAD-DATE: June 07, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              12 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 12, 2001, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Ex-Clinton aides admit Kyoto treaty flawed Climate pact costlier than they
thought

BYLINE: Jonathan Weisman

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 913 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- As President Bush headed off Monday to face environmental
critics in Europe, he fired a parting shot at the global warming
treaty he has rejected. He called the Kyoto Protocol unrealistic,
costly and "fatally flawed."

In that assessment, he has some unexpected supporters: Clinton
administration experts.

Economists from the Clinton White House now concede that complying
with Kyoto's mandatory reductions in greenhouse gases would be
difficult -- and more expensive to American consumers than they
thought when they were in charge.


That reassessment helped fuel Bush's decision to reject the Kyoto
treaty, said Lawrence Lindsey, the president's economic adviser.
Instead of embracing binding limits on greenhouse gases, Bush
pledged on Monday a modest package of actions to combat global
warming. They include a research initiative to fill gaps in scientists'
understanding of climate change and increased use of renewable
energy. But he didn't call for new money.

"America's unwillingness to embrace a flawed treaty should not
be read by our friends and allies as any abdication of responsibility,"
said Bush, who is expected to hear vociferous complaints about
his approach during his five-nation tour of Europe. Bush said
the treaty would harm the economy and exclude China, the world's
second-biggest producer of greenhouse gases after the USA.

The treaty, negotiated in Kyoto, Japan, in 1997, aimed to combat
emissions of carbon dioxide and other gases that most scientists
believe trap heat in the atmosphere. The treaty required the United
States to reduce its emissions by 2012 to 7% below its 1990 levels.

At the time, the Clinton White House estimated that the cost of
reaching that target was relatively low: about $ 7 billion to $ 12
billion a year starting in 2008, when binding reductions would
begin phasing in. An average household's energy bills would rise
$ 70-$ 110 a year, and gasoline prices would inch up no more than
6 cents a gallon, the White House said.

Other government cost estimates were far higher. The Department
of Energy estimated that gasoline prices would have to rise 66
cents a gallon -- or 53% over a projected 2010 price -- to meet
Kyoto's emissions targets.

To keep his cost estimates down, President Clinton envisioned
an emissions-trading system in which countries unable to meet
the greenhouse-gas reduction targets would get credits for helping
other nations exceed the standards. The idea was that when all
the treaty's members averaged out their emissions, the world's
total output would meet a global target.

For example: If the United States wanted to emit more carbon dioxide
one year, it could help Russia get below its emissions standard
by paying high-polluting Russian industries to adopt technologies
to clean up their dirty plants.

Clinton administration economists say that, in retrospect, their
low cost estimates were unrealistic. They assumed that:

* China and India would accept binding emission limits
and would fully participate in the emissions-trading system, even
though they never signed the treaty.

* European opposition to emissions trading could be overcome.

* Most industries and consumers would quickly adopt new,
energy-efficient technologies, such as advanced air conditioning
systems and gas-electric "hybrid" cars, without financial incentives.

Since 1997, however, it has become clear that consumers love their
gas-guzzling sport-utility vehicles and aren't embracing energy-efficient
technologies; China has no intention of participating in the treaty;
and Europe still wants to limit emissions trading as a partial
solution to global warming.

Todd Stern, Clinton's global warming coordinator, says that the
Europeans would likely go along with an unlimited trading system
if the Bush administration would return to the negotiating table
to produce a revised treaty it could sign. However, he concedes
that China won't participate for now.

Leaving China out of a trading scheme would double the Clinton
cost estimate, says Joseph Aldy, who helped develop the estimates
for Clinton. "We always thought the (emissions) targets were
very ambitious," he says. "But the thing that made us really
uneasy about our analysis . . . was that if our assumptions
didn't come true, you could come out with costs that were much,
much higher."

Another problem is that energy-efficiency breakthroughs have stalled
as governments argue over the treaty, says a supporter of the
treaty. "As the clock ticks, this becomes a more and more difficult
job," says Kathleen McGinty, who chaired Clinton's Council on
Environmental Quality.

Even so, Clinton economists say, Bush could have tried to revise
the treaty to reflect these new realities. By simply walking away
from it, he is letting the Europeans portray the United States
as the villain, even though they privately admit that they, too,
may be unable to comply with the treaty. "George Bush has done
all the work for the Europeans," says Robert Lawrence, a Clinton
administration economist now at Harvard University's Kennedy School
of Government.

Lindsey, however, insists that the Kyoto Protocol is beyond repair.
"The models are not even close in suggesting Kyoto was the right
approach," he says. "It was wrong. I think we did the right
thing."

***

Contributing: Laurence McQuillan and Traci Watson



LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Christophe Simon, Agence France-Presse; "Save the climate":
A tourist poses by protest banners in Madrid, Spain, which President Bush visits
today.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              13 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 24, 2001, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Hewlett-Packard hasn't given up on Compaq deal

BYLINE: Jon Swartz

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 428 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO

SAN FRANCISCO -- Hewlett-Packard is forging ahead with its proposed merger with
Compaq Computer despite the twin threats of recession and war and the fact that
tanking shares have devalued the deal from $ 25.7 billion to $ 16 billion as of
Friday.

"We are highly confident we will get a transaction through," says Larry Sonsini,
a partner at Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati, the influential Silicon Valley
law firm that represents H-P. "The economic situation will not affect the
transaction."


In fact, H-P and Compaq executives have resumed huddling with one another and
key customers to lay out merger plans. H-P chief Carly Fiorina is working
overtime to spin the deal.

Some skeptical analysts speculated the deal could be delayed -- if not abandoned
-- by a "material adverse change" clause. That proviso allows companies to
scuttle deals for unforeseen events that radically change the business climate
for one or both companies. The Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, which may tip the
global economy into recession, could be considered an adverse change.

But because neither H-P nor Compaq gets a huge percentage of revenue from badly
affected industries, such as airlines and insurance, the deal is unlikely to
meet that bar, lawyers and bankers say. Also, the deal carries no "collar" that
would automatically cancel it if the firms' stock prices drop too low.

The terrorist assaults, in fact, could improve the chances for the computer
industry's biggest deal ever. The wobbly economy underscores the need for
consolidation in the computer industry, analysts and H-P executives say. "In
tougher times, there is consolidation," says Lehman Bros. analyst Dan Niles.

Also, European regulators, who may earlier have balked at competitive concerns
because the deal combines two big PC makers, are less likely to interfere now
that economy is so shaky, analysts say.

"A global economic downturn and a tech recession is precisely the time to do a
merger like this one," Fiorina told analysts and investors last Monday.

Her main message to investors: The deal is not just about becoming a bigger
maker of PCs, which is proving to be a tough industry in which to make money,
but about building heft in the arena of business computing and the services to
keep those systems humming. Earlier this month, she told an audience in Boston
that the firms "fit together like a zipper."

Investors don't agree. Since the proposal was unveiled Sept. 3, H-P shares have
plunged 36%, to $ 14.96, and Compaq's are down 35%, to $ 7.99.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Quin Tian, USA TODAY, Source: CSI (LINE GRAPH)

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              17 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 27, 2001, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Critics decry Bush stand on treaties

BYLINE: Bill Nichols

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 1412 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- White House critics increasingly wonder: Will President Bush find
an international treaty he likes?

In just the past week, his administration:

 * Abandoned a United Nations draft accord that sets out ways to enforce the
Biological Weapons Convention of 1995.

 * Became the lone holdout as 178 other nations agreed to implement the 1997
Kyoto treaty to combat global warming.

 * Forced changes in a U.N. pact to stem the illegal flow of small arms, from
handguns to shoulder-launched rockets. U.S. officials signed on only after
blocking two key provisions that would have restricted arms owned by civilians
and sold to rebels.

"The administration has, from day one, engaged in a wholesale assault on
international treaties," says Ivo Daalder, a National Security Council official
under President Clinton.

The moves also have sparked rebukes from other nations.


The Bush administration is "practically standing alone in opposition to
agreements that were broadly reached by just about everyone else," says Fred
Eckhard, spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan.

The administration's rejection of the biological weapons draft accord "confirms
a pattern of reckless, unilateralist behavior on arms control, as on
environmental and other issues," an editorial said Thursday in the London
newspaper The Guardian.

Bush's new foreign policy vision "has largely amounted to trashing existing
agreements without any clear idea of what to put in their place," the newspaper
said.

Administration officials deny they are pursuing a go-it-alone foreign policy.
They say there is no philosophical opposition to treaties. Instead, Bush and
senior advisers say international conventions are worth joining only if the
benefits to the United States are clear. If not, the Bush team appears to have
few fears of saying "no."

"I think over time, people will see that we are not unilateralists, we are
deeply engaged," Secretary of State Colin Powell said Thursday in Vietnam. "From
time to time, one (treaty) comes along, or more come along, where we do not
believe it serves our interest."

John Bolton, a blunt-speaking undersecretary of State for arms control and
international security affairs, put it this way before the Senate Foreign
Relations Committee this week: "We are short on Pollyannas in the Bush
administration. We're a pretty hardheaded, realistic group of people."

Administration officials note that a number of treaties they have problems with
were viewed with suspicion by the Clinton administration, too.

For example, President Clinton signed the Kyoto treaty, which aims to reduce
greenhouse gas emissions by industrial countries. But he made no effort to win
ratification by the Senate.

Another treaty Bush is reviewing, and is expected to reject, the 1997 Land Mine
Ban Treaty, also troubled his predecessor. Clinton said the United States would
join the treaty by 2006, but only if "suitable alternatives" to anti-personnel
land mines are developed.

Even so, Bush critics see a pattern of disregard for international
organizations. "The Bush administration is consistently rejecting and
undermining multilateral treaties that increase international security," says
Daryl Kimball, executive director of the Coalition to Reduce Nuclear Dangers.
"The problem with this is that they have not put forward alternatives."

On the Kyoto accord, Bush has promised new ideas to combat global warming but
has yet to offer specifics.

Nor has the administration provided new ideas on how to implement the Biological
Warfare Convention to its satisfaction.

Bush officials reject outright the 1997 treaty creating the International
Criminal Court, the first permanent international tribunal to prosecute war
crimes, genocide and crimes against humanity.

Clinton signed on to the court treaty three weeks before leaving office. The
Bush team says it will not seek Senate ratification, and it even has asked the
United Nations how to remove the United States' signature from the treaty
document. Bush say he is concerned that the court could put U.S. troops in the
field at risk.

On arms control, the administration is putting its entire focus on new talks
with Russia aimed at reducing nuclear arms in both countries while allowing
testing and deployment of a U.S. missile-defense system.

In shifting policy on nuclear-arms control, Bush is moving away from some
long-standing treaties:

 * The administration intends to scrap the 1972 Anti-Ballistic Missile Treaty
with the Soviet Union on the grounds that it prevents effective testing of a
missile-defense system.

 * Bush aides say they have no plans to seek Senate ratification of the 1996
Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty, which prohibits all nuclear test explosions. The
Senate rejected the treaty in 1999, but Bush has promised to abide by a
voluntary moratorium on nuclear testing.

 * Bush has no plans to ask the Senate to ratify changes to the 1993 START II
nuclear-disarmament treaty, a condition Russia has set for ratifying the treaty
and putting it into force. The chief U.S. author of that accord: Bush's father.

START II would require Washington and Moscow to reduce their arsenal of
strategic nuclear weapons from 6,000 to a range of 3,000 to 3,500 by 2007.

The Bush team says it hopes to accomplish even greater reductions through new
discussions with Moscow.

Richard Haass, the State Department's director of policy planning, describes the
administration's policy as "a la carte multilateralism.  . . .  We'll look at
each agreement and make a decision, rather than come out with a broad-based
approach."

Daalder, the former Clinton administration official, argues that a broad
approach is emerging: "Are treaties seen by this administration as a means to
organize international affairs in a positive manner? In general, the record
shows the answer is no."

***

Contributing: Barbara Slavin in Hanoi

TEXT OF INFO BOX BEGINS HERE

Issues that trouble White House

International treaties that the Bush administration has withdrawn from or has
concerns about:

Anti-Ballistic Missile (1972): The administration says the ABM Treaty between
the United States and Soviet Union should be scrapped because it bars
development of national missile defenses.

START II (1993): The U.S.-Russian accord requires each side to reduce strategic
nuclear weapons from 6,000 to a range of 3,000-3,500 by 2007. The Senate has
ratified the treaty, but the Russian Duma has conditioned ratification on U.S.
Senate approval of changes in START II and the ABM Treaty. President Bush is not
seeking to ratify those changes. He wants to end, not amend, the ABM Treaty. He
has launched new talks with Russia on reducing nuclear arsenals.

Comprehensive Test Ban (1996): The treaty would ban all nuclear test explosions,
but the administration says it would limit U.S. research. White House officials
have held up submission of the treaty to the Senate, which refused to ratify it
in 1999.

Kyoto Protocol (1997): Aimed at combating global warming, it is backed by 178
nations. Bush has rejected it on grounds that it would harm the U.S. economy and
exempt developing nations. Bush has promised to offer alternatives for dealing
with the problem.

Biological weapons (1995): The administration abandoned a United Nations draft
accord that sets out enforcement mechanisms for the treaty, which would limit
germ warfare. U.S. negotiators say the approach threatens industry and national
security.

Land Mine Ban (1997): The administration is expected to concur with the Clinton
administration's rejection of the treaty, which calls for the destruction of
anti-personnel land mines.

International Criminal Court (1997): The treaty would create the first permanent
international tribunal to prosecute war crimes, genocide and crimes against
humanity. The administration says the accord could infringe on U.S. sovereignty
and put U.S. troops at risk. Bush has no plans to seek Senate ratification.

Small Arms Control (2001): The administration agreed last Saturday to a U.N.
pact to stem the illegal flow of small arms. However, U.S. officials blocked two
key provisions: regulation of civilian ownership of military weapons and
restrictions on trade to rebel movements.

Source: USA TODAY research by Bill Nichols


LOAD-DATE: August 03, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHICS, B/W (ILLUSTRATION) (8); PHOTO, B/W, Win McNamee, Reuters;
News conference: President Bush listens to a reporter's question after talks in
Genoa, Italy.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              20 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 17, 2001, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Nuclear power earns fresh look, despite past woes

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 958 words


Today's debate: Nuclear energy

Our view: Changes since Three Mile Island argue for Bush plan.

On the surface, nuclear power has had a bad couple of decades.
The last permit for a new power plant was issued in 1979. The
last new plant went online in 1996. Because of attrition, the
number of reactors in service has fallen almost 10% in the past
decade.


Yet despite that, the amount of energy generated by those plants
has been increasing quietly to almost 20% of the nation's total
supply today, from 11% in 1979, with hardly a peep about health
or safety problems. So despite some raised eyebrows, the Bush
administration is on the right track in reviving nuclear as a
potential energy source.

Vice President Cheney, who is fashioning an energy policy due
next month, is already championing a return to nuclear power.
While several questions would need answers first, the current
energy crunch proves the nation needs more power. Why not give
nuclear a new hearing?

The debate has been largely foreclosed since 1979, when a reactor
at Pennsylvania's Three Mile Island leaked radioactive steam into
the atmosphere. And it was hammered shut after the 1986 meltdown
at the Soviet Union's crude Chernobyl reactor, an event that killed
40 and exposed hundreds of thousands more to harmful radiation
levels.

For all of that, with shortages causing energy prices to spike,
the United States cannot afford to reject any potential source
of safe, clean, affordable power. And although the nuclear industry
still has much to prove and much to live down, it also has made
considerable progress toward resolving at least a few of its worst
first-generation problems.

Among them was the lack of uniformity among power-plant designs.
Unlike France, Canada and other nations, the United States imposed
few limits on reactor design. This allowed American utilities
to custom-build their plants, with calamitous results.

Because each plant was different, operators were unable to share
the cost of training personnel or of developing expensive modifications.
Federal regulators meanwhile were swamped by the variety. Costs
skyrocketed, and amid constant stories about construction flaws,
unreliable federal oversight and inadequate safety design, public
confidence plummeted.

The learning curve has been steep and punishing: 22 plants closed
since 1971; plans for 124 others canceled. Through the 1970s and
1980s, the industry rarely ran above 60% of capacity, and investors,
taxpayers and ratepayers shelled out billions for partially built
plants that were abandoned, and finished plants that never went
online.

Today, though, remaining plants are running at almost 90% capacity
and producing energy at just over half the cost of natural gas,
according to the Nuclear Energy Institute, an industry lobby.
And they do so while producing virtually none of the gases that
cause climate change. This makes them, like alternative energy
sources such as the sun and wind, an attractive alternative to
plants that burn dirty, costly fossil fuels.

The industry has had less success with its other major millstone:
waste disposal. Nuclear plants have generated about 35,000 tons
of radioactive waste, most of it stored at the plants in special
pools or canisters. But the plants are running out of room, and
even if approval is granted this year, a permanent storage facility
at Yucca Mountain in Nevada won't open for a decade or more while
construction and permitting are completed. Still to be resolved
are questions about the transportation of waste, Yucca's capacity
and what to do in the interim.

Anxiety over storing spent fuel (which can remain radioactive
for tens of thousands of years), combined with lingering fears
of a catastrophic accident, continues to inspire strong resistance
to nuclear plants. Even in California, where energy prices are
jumping 50%, a recent Los Angeles Times poll found opposition
to more nuclear power plants running almost 2 to 1.

In response, the industry points out that other industries are
even more dangerous. No one has ever died as a result of an accident
at an American nuclear power plant. But 54,000 have died in civil-aviation
plane crashes. Whether such comparisons are fair or not, the fact
remains that since 1979, the industry has had an admirable, even
enviable, safety record.

Ultimately, of course, the marketplace will decide when nuclear
energy returns to favor. And it doesn't seem that will be any
time soon. Construction costs are still far too high; it's cheaper
and faster to build natural-gas plants. Any Bush plan will also
need to fully address the waste issue. That's essential to any
expansion of capacity. Still, the nation's energy demands invariably
require a mix of energy sources, and there's no compelling reason
nuclear shouldn't be a candidate.


A nuclear timeline

* 1942: First sustained nuclear reaction, Chicago.

* 1954: First nuclear-powered submarine, the USS Nautilus, launched.

* 1954: Congress allows commercial development of nuclear power
by private companies.

* 1957: First American commercial reactor, Shippingport, Pa.

* 1960-78: Golden Age. 179 construction permits issued; 66 new
plants licensed to run at full power.

* 1978: Last two orders for new nuclear power plants.

* 1979: Three Mile Island, partial core meltdown.

* 1986: Chernobyl, Soviet Union, core meltdown.

* 1996: Last new American plant goes online at Watts Barr, Tenn.

* 2000: Current status: 103 reactors producing 754 billion kilowatt-hours,
about 20% of total national supply.

Source: Energy Information Administration; USA TODAY research



LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, 1997 file photo by Kalim Bhatti, AP; Worst U.S. nuclear
accident: Steam pours from a cooling tower of a nuclear reactor at the Three
Mile Island power plant near Middletown, Pa., in February 1997. In 1979, a
partial meltdown of the reactor-core fuel caused a release of radioactive
material into the atmosphere.

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              22 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 24, 2001, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Compromise rescues Kyoto Protocol Nations hope global-warming treaty will take
effect in 2002; U.S. says pact 'is not sound policy'

BYLINE: Traci Watson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 479 words

DATELINE: BONN, Germany


BONN, Germany -- After marathon talks, diplomats from 178 nations
drafted a compromise Monday that preserved a landmark global-warming
treaty from near-collapse.

Negotiators argued through the night Sunday and early Monday about
the detailed rule book governing the treaty, which is designed
to cut emissions of carbon dioxide and other gases linked to global
warming.

Despite appeals from allies at an economic summit in Genoa, Italy,
this weekend, President Bush refused to reconsider his rejection
of the Kyoto Protocol, which he has called "fatally flawed."


"Almost every single country stayed in the protocol," said Olivier
Deleuze, the chief negotiator for the European Union. "There
was one that said the Kyoto Protocol was flawed. Do you see the
Kyoto Protocol flawed?"

Undersecretary of State Paula Dobriansky, who led the U.S. delegation
through four days of grueling negotiations in Bonn, said the deal
will not require the United States to fund any part of the treaty
-- one of Bush's chief concerns.

"Although the United States does not intend to ratify that agreement,
we have not sought to stop others from moving ahead, so long as
legitimate U.S. interests were protected," she said. "This does
not change our view the Kyoto Protocol is not sound policy."

Dobriansky drew boos from the gallery when she said the Bush administration
was committed to tackling climate change.

The negotiations in Bonn worked out rules to govern the Kyoto
pact, which would commit industrialized nations to cut emissions
of greenhouse gases, chiefly carbon dioxide from cars, power plants
and factories.

Every nation at the talks had some objections to the compromise
version of the rules. But many countries, including most developing
nations, said they could accept the text as it was.

The major exceptions were Japan and Russia. They opposed provisions
that would have given the force of law to the treaty's rules on
compliance. The rules called for countries to pay penalties if
they didn't make their emission cuts on time. Negotiators solved
the problem by delaying the date when the compliance system would
become legally binding.

Now that much of the fine print of the treaty has been written,
nations can start thinking in earnest about whether to approve
the protocol. Most nations say they would like to see the treaty
take effect in 2002, the 10th anniversary of the United Nations
Earth Summit.

Officials at the conference were optimistic that countries would
agree to sign on. "The Bonn agreement will make it possible to
ratify the Kyoto Protocol," said Michael Zammit Cutajar, head
of the U.N. agency for global warming.

But obstacles remain. To take effect, the treaty must be ratified
by 55 nations responsible for 55% of industrialized nations' carbon-dioxide
emissions in 1990.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              23 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    September 7, 2001, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Odyssey puts pedal to metal, if you can get one

BYLINE: James R. Healey

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 8D

LENGTH: 1588 words

The minivan market is such fun to watch.

A year ago, DaimlerChrysler's Chrysler Group launched thoroughly redesigned,
2001-model Chrysler- and Dodge-brand minivans. Nobody noticed.

The '01s didn't look much different than the '00s, despite all the changes, and
most models were priced higher. Buyers weren't impressed. Chrysler Group quickly
pulled together somewhat plainer versions equipped and priced almost identically
to typical Honda Odyssey minivans.


Now here comes the '02 Odyssey, boasting big changes and upscale intent.

The '02 Odyssey finally offers leather; gets a big power boost and a five-speed
automatic; looks better; is much more refined; has a DVD entertainment system.

Are the upgrades sufficient? Glad you asked.

Test Drive spent time in a loaded '02 Odyssey EX and, for comparison, a nearly
loaded '02 Chrysler Town & Country LXi. The '02 Chrysler and Dodge vans are like
the '01s, with more available features, and the '01s got their due in previous
columns.

But judging any minivan requires comparisons with Chrysler and Dodge vans,
pioneers and still claiming 34% of new minivan sales.

Bottom line: If Test Drive were writing the check, it'd be the Chrysler, for
pleasant driving behavior, clever touches and good looks. If Test Drive were
giving advice, it'd be the Honda for powerhouse engine, smooth ride and good
reputation. Face it, if a guy gets a stinker of a Honda, he's going to figure
it's just him. If he gets a lousy Chrysler, he's going to wonder why he took a
chance in the first place and go looking for the genius who suggested it.

That's the way reputations work. Honda's is great, even though the Odyssey had
dreadful teething problems 3 years ago. Chrysler's isn't, even though its
vehicles score high in third-party tests.

The '02 Odyssey's salients and how they rate.

Engine: The '02 Odyssey's overhead-camshaft (OHC), 3.5-liter V-6 is rated 240
horsepower on regular fuel for '02. The '01 was 210 hp on premium.

Chrysler's 3.8-liter, pushrod-style V-6 is 215 hp. Chrysler abandoned plans to
add an OHC, 3.5-liter V-6 rated 230 hp. The Chrysler engine was noisier and
cruder than the Honda and not as scintillating.

The right foot votes Honda.

Transmission: Odyssey's wasn't as sweet as its five-speed credentials suggest.
Five gear ratios, instead of the normal four, make smaller steps between gears.
That means the engine's speed doesn't drop as much each time the transmission
upshifts, so it's easier to keep the engine revving in its sweet spot.

But Odyssey didn't upshift at the most opportune times, nor seamlessly.
Downshifts were a bit clumsy.

The Chrysler's four-speed box clunked disturbingly and engaged abruptly when
pulled into drive from park or reverse. Shift quality was better than Odyssey's
-- smoother, quicker and generally more-pleasing gear changes, up or down.

Honda, answering gripes that the gearshift lever blocked some dashboard
functions, shortened and repositioned it. Now, in drive, it's so close to the
dashboard that you'll bark your knuckles.

Chrysler's lever arced gracefully, moving slightly closer to the driver as the
lever moved down, to accommodate the arm's natural pull.

The shifty character votes Chrysler.

Seating: Honda has the slick, disappearing third-row seat, while Chrysler keeps
the conventional, remove-and-replace third row. Chrysler's seat splits, so you
can take it out in lighter halves and so you can mix extended cargo space and
partial seating.

Honda's otherwise nifty design requires you to use or lose the entire third row.
You can't fold sections.

Honda's leather was quite nice. About time. Others have sold leathered vans
since cows were invented.

The Chrysler leather felt at least as nice, and the seats seemed more
comfortable, though a wide person would find them confining.

Rump and back vote Chrysler.

Features: Chrysler offers four-wheel drive; Honda doesn't.

Chrysler offers adjustable pedals for fine-tuning the driving position. Honda
doesn't -- yet.

Odyssey has plenty of cubbies and nooks; Chrysler's seemed handier.

Odyssey's dashboard is overloaded with similar-looking knobs when the DVD player
is installed, making it hard to know at a glance where to adjust what.
Chrysler's array, though hardly simple, seemed easier to decipher. And
Chrysler's gee-whiz, three-zone climate control (driver, front passenger, rear)
stopped lots of arguments before they began.

Chrysler offers a clever movable console with power plug. It snaps between the
front seats or between the two midrow buckets. Honda, meanwhile, lets you put
the middle seats together to form a solid bench, or split them like buckets.

Both vans let passengers in and out via optional, power sliding side doors that
can be triggered with remote-control fobs.

Chrysler offers power tailgate with remote activation; Honda doesn't.

Both DVD systems provided crisp video on swing-down screens mounted in the
ceilings behind the front seats, and both were coupled to robust sound systems.
Both provided headphones for back-seat users and could switch off back-seat
speakers.

The systems permit the front occupants to listen to the radio or stereo while
the DVD plays in back.

The weary parent seeking abiding convenience votes Chrysler, barely.

Refinement: Odyssey's suspension updates made it so smooth that -- honest, this
is not a drug flashback -- it once, momentarily, seemed not to be there. No
sensation of motion or molestation; just serene passage. The van still felt a
bit unsettled over slow bumps, though, and handling's not exactly sporty.

A lot of sound deadening has been added, too, making Odyssey much quieter, a big
relief.

Chrysler's pleasant-riding, too, and behaved in slightly sporting fashion on
corners, if prodded. It seemed sufficiently quiet and composed.

Controls were pleasant to operate on both vans, and surfaces generally were nice
to touch, Chrysler getting a slight nod.

The epicure votes Chrysler and recognizes room for honest, vigorous
disagreement.

Safety: Odyssey has better crash-test scores, and its air bag system is more
sophisticated. Chrysler's third-row safety belts are positioned poorly, failing
to drape properly over the chest and shoulder.

The worrywart votes Honda.

Styling: Odyssey's new face better resembles the Acura MDX sport-utility vehicle
and less evokes a railroad engine's cowcatcher. But the back remains awkward
looking, and the side's still marred by the scars of sliding-door tracks, which
Chrysler (and Ford) hide along the bottom edge of the windows.

The Chrysler's a slick, smooth, sensuous sweep. The Honda's a box with pointed
front.

The aesthete votes Chrysler.

It's clear the '02 Odyssey is a big, if not unqualified, improvement. But so
what? You can't get one. Even 3 years after launch, Odyssey commands sticker
price or more, and requires a 3-month or so wait.

That'll ease a bit as Honda's new factory in Alabama begins making Odysseys in
November. But Honda figures the demand is close to twice current supply, and
Alabama can't make that up overnight.

If you refuse to be hostage to long waits, exploitative pricing, lack of
demonstrators to test drive, and take-it-or-leave it salespeople, try the
Chrysler or Dodge store. No wait, serious discounts, nice vans.

But if you're a true believer and wouldn't consider that, at least you'll be
getting the best-yet Odyssey in return for the retail frustration you'll endure.




2002 Honda Odyssey

* What is it? Updated version of the front-wheel-drive minivan with more power,
fancier options.

* How soon? On sale since late August.

* How much? Base LX is $ 24,690 including $ 440 destination charge. EX is $
27,190. EX with leather, $ 28,690. EX with leather, DVD entertainment system, $
30,190. EX with leather, navigation system, $ 30,690.

DVD and navigation can't be ordered together.

Edmunds.com predicts '02 Odysseys will sell for $ 2,000 more than sticker price.


* What's the package? LX standard equipment includes: 3.5-liter V-6 engine rated
240 horsepower, 242 pounds-feet of torque on regular-grade fuel; five-speed
automatic transmission; anti-lock brakes with electronic brake-force
distribution; front-seat, side-impact air bags; front-impact air bags that
tailor deployment to size and location of occupant, severity of crash; air
conditioning; power steering, brakes, mirrors, windows, locks; AM/FM/cassette
stereo; cruise control; adjustable steering column; variable-interval windshield
wipers; rear-window defroster; dual sliding side doors; 225/60R 16-inch tires on
steel wheels.

EX adds or substitutes: power-operated side doors; remote-control locks;
security system; automatic shutoff for headlights; power driver's seat with
lumbar adjustment; automatic climate control; CD player; duplicate audio
controls in steering wheel; alloy wheels.

* How big? Conventional minivan size. Odyssey is 201.2 inches long, 75.6 inches
wide, 68.5 inches (LX) or 69.7 inches (EX) tall on a 118.1-inch wheelbase.
Carries 38.1 cubic feet of cargo behind the third-row seat; maximum, 146.1 cubic
feet. Tows 3,500 pounds. Turning circle diameter, curb-to-curb, 37.7 feet.

* How thirsty? All models are rated 18 miles per gallon in town, 25 mpg on the
highway.

* Overall? Very good, with some curious lapses.

LOAD-DATE: September 07, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Honda; PHOTO, Color, Wieck; War of the minivans: Honda's
2002 Odyssey, above, offers leather (finally) and a big power boost. But
Chrysler, left, still rates for driving behavior and looks.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              27 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 31, 2001, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Ford Jr. takes on role he was born to play

BYLINE: James Cox and David Kiley

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1783 words

William Clay Ford Jr., new chief executive of Ford Motor, justified his decision
to race to the scene of a tragic factory explosion in 1999 by saying that Ford
employees were family to him.

Detroit Lions players and employees are family, too, he has said.

"Family" was the word he chose again Tuesday, using it often as he talked about
how he ended up CEO of the auto company founded by his great-grandfather, Henry
Ford. "I bleed Ford blue," he told cheering employees.

He replaces the hard-nosed, controversial Jacques Nasser, ousted late Monday, as
CEO. But blood loyalties and family history have long stirred ambivalence in
Ford Jr. He has refused over the years to read biographies of the visionary
Henry. He quit the company in 1995 after serving in 17 midlevel management jobs.
And he recently fled the family's multimansion compound in exclusive Gross
Pointe Woods, Mich., buying a house in Ann Arbor.


"I certainly never sought this job. Lord knows, I don't need it," Ford told The
Detroit News. "But when I saw what was happening to our company, I thought I
could help us. It was clear to me that we had relationships with our employees
that are not what they could be, and relationships with our dealers and other
constituencies are not good."

Bill Ford, as the 44-year-old likes to be called, is clearly his family's choice
to head the world's No. 2 automaker. But as apples go, he could not have fallen
farther from the tree.

Great-grandpa Henry was a driven, self-educated man, a mechanical genius who
fought unions and, later in life, became an overbearing, anti-Semitic crackpot.
His son, Edsel, eventually got the company reins but died struggling with the
pressures of business and his increasingly bizarre father.

Young Bill got a prep school education before going to Princeton and MIT. He is
a tae kwon do blackbelt, a student of Zen and Tibetan Buddhism and a folk guitar
player.

His most notable contribution since becoming chairman 2 years ago has been to
try to make Ford the most environmentally friendly automaker. He has horrified
many in the industry -- and many at the company -- by publicly blaming auto
emissions for greenhouse gases causing climate change. He speaks passionately
about a future with cleaner alternative fuels, recyclable cars and compostable
parts.

At the moment, Ford's problem is that its earnings are decaying like compost.
The automaker lost $ 692 million in the third quarter as sales fell 9% and unit
volume dropped 15% in North America.

Market share in North America, Ford's most profitable area, has been sliding as
defect rates have skyrocketed. The company ranked last among the seven largest
carmakers in a quality survey earlier this year.

Heading into a recession and a cyclical downturn in auto sales, Ford has lost
its dominance in the highly profitable pickup and sport-utility categories.

The Taurus and Sable, the company's workhorse passenger cars, are tired.
Operations in Europe, Latin America and Asia are beset with problems.

The biggest blow to the company's bottom line and its pride has been the
Explorer fiasco. Ford spent $ 500 million last year on the recall of 6.5 million
tires for the Explorer and Mercury Moutaineer. It will take a $ 2.1 billion
after-tax charge to pay for costs associated with replacing nearly 13 million
more Bridgestone/Firestone tires. Pending lawsuits and lost vehicle sales could
add hundreds of millions more to the final tab.

To dig out from the mess, Bill Ford has surrounded himself with grayer, wiser
heads. That includes Nick Scheele, 57, named Tuesday as president and chief
operating officer; Jim Padilla, 55, who will take over as head of Ford North
America; and Carl Reichardt, 70, named vice chairman and head of the finance
committee.

Coaxing Reichardt, former chairman of Wells Fargo, out of retirement seems a
major step in the right direction. He has Wall Street's trust, essential for a
company that has gone through three CFOs in 3 years.

"We need to rebuild relationships," Ford said. "I'll be spending a lot of time
with Wall Street, dealers, employees, suppliers. A lot of those relationships
are broken or not healthy."

Key constituencies

Key will be suppliers and dealers.

Suppliers, who once stood in line to win Ford's business, complain that the
automaker has been especially brutal in dictating price cuts to them. Even
worse, they contend they get little in return for helping Ford design new
engines because once the design is finished, Ford puts supply contracts up for
open bid.

Dealers want assurances that somebody is listening. They say Nasser barely
seemed to know they existed until it was too late. He infuriated them by
exploring the idea of Ford-owned dealerships and service centers. He seldom
bothered to show up at dealers' national meetings.

In May, Nasser seemed to acknowledge that he had erred. "I believe we are only
hurting ourselves when we think, speak or act as if our partners are outsiders,"
he wrote in an internal memo.

Ford isn't broken, says Hoot McInerny, a legendary Detroit-area Lincoln-Mercury
dealer. "What would it take to fix things? Quality, quality, quality," he says.
"We just need another turn of the wrench."

Nasser, an Australian of Lebanese descent, wanted constant change and
improvement. He saw himself as a reformer in the mold of GE's Jack Welch. Even
though he was a 33-year Ford veteran, he had spent little time building valuable
loyalties in Dearborn and never bothered to court the family.

Nasser plunged Ford into new areas, and in the process, he took his eye off the
basics, analysts say.

"If you've got good products, good quality, you and I could run Ford Motor Co.,"
McInerny says. "He got caught up in the downturn of the economy, and the
crowning blow was the Explorer and the tires."

Nasser's in-your-face style rubbed Ford family members the wrong way. The clan
has a history of deflating larger-than-life executives on the company payroll.

Bill Ford's uncle, Henry II, fired then-president Lee Iacocca after growing
irritated that Iacocca's outsize personality had become Ford's public persona.

Ford is "structured like an organization of baronies, and the family does not
like when a CEO has too strong and dominant a personality," says Gerald Meyers,
a former Ford executive and former CEO of American Motors.

Various Ford heirs control 40% of the company's voting shares, each of which has
17 times the voting power of an ordinary share of common stock.

The family has been collecting $ 85 million a year in dividends. The board's
recent decision to slash the dividend dropped the family's cut by about 40%. And
it's not just the dividend checks: The value of Ford family shares has fallen
almost 50% in the past year.

"Billy" -- as he is called by the other 12 Fords of the fourth generation --
owns shares worth about $ 90 million at current prices, according to Forbes
magazine's Richest 400 issue.

For love of the company

Ford, himself, said his family was "thrilled" to have one of its own atop the
company again. "But I'm not approaching this job as a member of the family, but
as someone who loves the company."

Ford and Scheele promise a return to the basics, meaning higher-quality cars and
trucks. Along with Padilla and Reichardt, they are expected to make decisions
more by consensus than the autocratic Nasser, who had 16 managers reporting to
him directly before July.

"I want the company to succeed. To do that, we need to get the best people. And
if the best people are outside Ford, we will go after them or we'll grow them up
from inside," Ford told The News. "I listen a lot. I encourage a lot. I want to
hear what people think. This company is too big for any one person to run, I
don't care who you are."

Bill Ford, industry insiders say, is not likely to stick around as CEO more than
3 or 4 years. By then, Scheele is likely to retire, and the company will go in
search of a professional manager to be its next CEO. Ford is expected to be more
involved than a figurehead but somewhat less of an authority figure than many
other CEOs.

"William Clay Ford's presence may provide a more stable operating environment,"
says Merrill Lynch analyst John Casesa. Still, the downturn in the economy and
in the industry are "likely to overshadow even the best efforts of the new Ford
management team for the near future."

Ford Jr. bleeds Detroit Lions "Honolulu blue," as well as Ford blue. He said
Tuesday that the CEO's job would leave him less time with his beloved Lions.

Lions employees say he knows everyone from the coaches to the interns. They
recall when he used to play in Friday afternoon touch football games -- usually
as quarterback -- with the staff.

Inevitably, running his great-grandfather's auto company will cut into the time
he can spend with his father's football team.

"Unless they need me to play quarterback," he joked about the 0-6 Lions. "And
the way things are going.  . . . "

TEXT WITHIN GRAPHICS BEGINS HERE

All in the family

Ford family members who have held top roles at Ford Motor since it was founded
in 1903:

Henry Ford, President: 1906-1919

Edsel Ford, President: 1919-1943

Henry Ford, President: 1943-1945

Henry Ford II, President: 1945-1960

Henry Ford II, Chairman: 1960-1980

James W. Ford, President of Ford Financial Services: 1987-1990

William Clay Ford, Jr., Chairman: 1999

William Clay Ford, Jr., Chairman and CEO: 2001

The Ford family

Henry Ford (1863-1947) married Clara Jane Bryant (1866-1950)

Edsel Bryant Ford (1893-1943) married Eleanor Clay (1896-1976)

Henry Ford II (1917-1987) married Anne McDonnell, Christina V. Austin and
Kathleen DuRoss

Benson Ford (1919-1978) married Edith McNaughton (1920-1980)

Josephine C. Ford (1923-) married Walter Buhl Ford II

William Clay Ford (1925-) married Martha Firestone

Charlotte Ford (Mrs. Edward R. Downe, 1941-)

Anne Ford (Mrs. Chuck Scarborough, 1943-)

Edsel Bryant Ford II (1948-) married Cynthia Neskow

Benson Ford Jr. (1949-) married Barbara Possellius and Charlene Decraene

Eleanor C. Ford (Mrs. Frederic A. Bourke Jr., 1946-)

Josephine C. Ford (Mrs. John W. Ingle, Jr., 1948-)

Alfred Brush Ford (1950-) married Sharmilla Bhattacharya

Martha P. Ford (Mrs. Peter C. Morse, 1948-)

Sheila Ford (Mrs. Steven Hamp, 1951-)

William Clay Ford Jr. (1957-) married Lisa Vanderzee

Elizabeth Ford (Mrs. Charles Kontulis, 1961-)

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Jeff Kowalsky, Agence France-Presse; PHOTO, B/W, 1904
photo by AP; GRAPHIC, Color, Source: Ford Motor (CHART); GRAPHIC, B/W, Julie
Snider, USA TODAY, Sources: CSI, USA TODAY research (BAR GRAPH); GRAPHIC, B/W,
Frank Pompa, USA TODAY, Source: Ford Motor (CHART); PHOTOS, B/W, Ford (2);
PHOTOS, B/W, Wieck (2); PHOTO, B/W, AP; Then and now: William Clay Ford Jr.,
right, speaks with then-CEO Jacques Nasser in May. <>A first: Henry Ford in his
first car, which had two speeds but no reverse.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              30 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 17, 2001, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Polio victims come full circle Memories bubble up at Warm Springs

BYLINE: Anita Manning

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 1410 words

DATELINE: WARM SPRINGS, Ga.


WARM SPRINGS, Ga. -- To look at them, you'd never suspect they
tried to drown the president of the United States.

The three smiling little innocents who posed for a photograph
on a stone wall here in 1933, each clutching a puppy, became symbols
of a devastating disease called polio.

But, to hear them tell it, they were just regular kids who liked
to horse around with a big, friendly guy named Franklin Delano
Roosevelt, the man who would lead the nation out of the Great
Depression.

"We swam together," says Jim Stubbs, 73, of Chaffee, Mo., who
was 6 when the photo was taken. "We all tried to drown him. . . . It took six of
us to put him under."


Stubbs and fellow polio survivors John Steinhauer, 75, of Hendersonville,
Tenn., and George Moore, 74, of Davis, Calif., returned last week
to this rural western Georgia town where Roosevelt founded a rehabilitation
institute in 1927 for people stricken with polio.

What drew Roosevelt here were the buoyant, 88-degree mineral waters
that bubble up out of the earth, and which allowed him to move
his paralyzed legs more easily. He visited 41 times in all, swam
with the children who shared his illness, drove them around in
his specially equipped sedan and treated them to Juicy Fruit gum
and ginger ale. "It was like being with your favorite uncle,"
Steinhauer says.

Now operated by the state as a treatment and rehabilitation center
for victims of brain and spinal cord injury and stroke, the Roosevelt
Warm Springs Institute for Rehabilitation hosted its first reunion
of former polio patients treated here during the 1930s, '40s and
'50s.

It is hard for young Americans today to imagine the terror of
polio, a disease that swept across the country until a vaccine
was found in the mid-1950s. The virus can attack the central nervous
system, paralyzing muscles, including the ones needed to breathe.
It enters the body through the mouth, usually spreading by direct
contact with infected feces or by touching contaminated food,
toys or other objects. The vast majority of people infected --
usually children -- have no symptoms, but about 2% suffer paralysis.
There is no cure.

What caused a kind of paralysis in the national psyche is that
no one knew who would be next or where the virus might lurk, so
they warned their children not to swim in cold water, not to walk
barefooted, not to go into crowded places.

FDR's legacy: Persistence

Marguerite Scarry of Herndon, Va., was 22 and pregnant when she
came down with polio in 1946. Her son Jack was born healthy just
16 days after she became paralyzed. "I'm thrilled to be back
here and to see everyone doing so well," she says. Despite her
illness, the months at Warm Springs were "a happy time for me,
because I learned to use what I had."

That sentiment was echoed by others, who recalled wheelchair races,
adolescent crushes and the "push boys" whose job it was to push
their wheelchairs everywhere -- and who sometimes gave warnings
when the nurses were coming to stifle late-night high jinks.

It's here these children of the last polio generations learned
that they would not die, as many had feared. Instead, they learned
to walk and face the world with the attitude that there is nothing
they cannot do.

"We have no patience for people who feel sorry for themselves,"
says Steinhauer, who sat with Stubbs, his former roommate at the
institute, and Moore for a restaging of the old 1933 photo, this
time with adult foxhounds borrowed from a nearby kennel.

The spirit of FDR, who contracted polio in 1921 at age 39, pervades
the institute.

"When we were here," says Christina Cash, 50, of Seagrove Beach,
Fla., "we were encouraged, actually it was more like indoctrination,
to never complain, to always have a stiff upper lip, to not cry
or express negative emotions. We were taught by our doctors, nurses,
physical therapists, etc., that we were just as good as any able-bodied
person; in fact, we were better. Special. And we were expected
to excel."

That, she says, "comes directly from FDR. He was convinced he
could overcome his illness, that if he was just strong enough,
he would walk again."

And it explains why so many polio survivors are driven to conquer
challenges, she says. Steinhauer served in the Tennessee Legislature
for four terms and now swims 34 laps three times a week and walks
a mile, in his leg brace, each of the other days. Scarry says
she shocked her family by learning to drive a tractor-trailer
at the age of 58 and traveling cross-country for two years with
her second husband, a long-distance truck driver. "I loved it,"
she says. "I'd do it again, if I could."

Post-polio syndrome

It was an emotional gathering. Nearly all of the 121 former patients
who made it to the reunion used leg braces, corsets or wheelchairs.
Many, like Cash, who spent eight months here in 1955, are suffering
from post-polio syndrome -- a condition marked by fatigue, weakness,
and muscle and joint pain in polio-affected limbs -- that has
come upon them like an ugly reminder of the old days. "It's hard,
emotionally," she says. "Some people are afraid (the polio)
is coming back."

Physician Anne Gawne, director of the institute's post-polio program,
says that up to 80% of polio survivors have some symptoms of the
syndrome. "It has a timeline," she says. "There's the acute
polio illness, recovery and a stable period of 20 to 30 years.
Then symptoms of pain, fatigue and weakness begin."

James Felix of Anderson, Ind., had to retire early because of
it. One reason for attending the reunion, he says, was to gather
information and make contacts on behalf of his post-polio syndrome
support group back home.

Felix was 13 in 1954 when he got sick, one of 17 children in a
town of 1,200 stricken with polio that fall. Two died. "People
were terrified," he says. The grocer dropped off food on the
porch so his family wouldn't have to go out. Neighbors on his
paper route were afraid to touch the newspaper he had delivered
the morning he fell ill.

He says he almost didn't attend the reunion. "I didn't know if
it would bring up some bad memories."

Many of the returnees spoke of the pain and homesickness endured
here. Young polio patients, some still infants, were dropped off
by distraught parents, who were not allowed to stay. The patients
"grieved for a week or so, we all did," says Steinhauer, who
was 8. "But we helped each other."

"Being with people like you, there are no apologies," says Betty
Wright, 52, of Buford, Ga., who was in an iron lung when she was
18 months old and came back several times. Like many, she thinks
having polio has made her a stronger person than she might have
been.

"I look back at my life and think if I hadn't had polio, I wouldn't
have achieved what I have."

TEXT OF TIMELINE BEGINS HERE

A polio timeline

* Early 1800s -- Epidemics occur throughout Europe and spread
to the USA in the 1940s.

* 1952 -- A worldwide epidemic with 558,000 people infected. In
the USA, 21,000 are left paralyzed.

* 1955 -- Jonas Salk's polio vaccine, an injected vaccine made
of killed, or "inactivated," virus, is licensed and used until
the early 1960s.

* 1961 -- Albert Sabin's oral vaccine, made of live weakened virus,
is licensed and becomes widely used.

* 1979 -- The last U.S. outbreak. Fifteen children in Amish communities
of Pennsylvania, Missouri, Iowa and Wisconsin contract a strain
imported from the Netherlands. Ten are paralyzed.

* 1988 -- An estimated 350,000 cases of polio occur worldwide.
The World Health Assembly launches a global eradication effort.

* 1994 -- The Americas are certified polio-free by the World Health
Organization.

* Between 1980 and 1999 -- 152 cases of paralytic polio were reported
in the USA. Of these, six were picked up outside the country and
brought in; the remaining 144 were caused by the oral polio vaccine,
which contains live virus.

* 1999 -- Health officials recommend use of the inactivated vaccine
exclusively in the USA, beginning in 2000. No further cases of
vaccine-associated polio are reported.

* 2000 -- The Western Pacific Region is certified polio-free.
Globally, 3,500 cases of polio are reported, a 99% decrease from
1988 case count.

* 2005 -- Target date for certification of the world as free of
polio.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Michael Schwarz, USA TODAY; PHOTOS, B/W (2); PHOTO, Color,
Michael Schwarz, USA TODAY; Reunion: John Steinhauer, 75, left, George Moore,
74, and Jim Stubbs, 73, get together for the first time since they were patients
at Warm Springs in 1933-34. Young scamps: Steinhauer, left, Moore and Stubbs in
a 1933 publicity shot. FDR: The president, also stricken with polio, often swam
with the children at the institute. "He put us all at ease," Steinhauer recalls.
Back to visit: John Steinhauer, left, George Moore and Jim Stuffs were polio
patients at Warm Springs, Ga., nearly 70 years ago.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              32 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 13, 2001, Friday, FINAL EDITION

'New environmental agenda' looks empty

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 812 words


Eight months ago, presidential candidate George W. Bush sounded
like an environmental visionary. Campaigning for cleaner air and
cleaner water, he promised to replace what he called a "30-year-old
federal model of 'mandate, regulate and litigate' " with a "new
era of environmental protection."

Three months after taking office, President Bush looks less visionary
than revisionary. Rather than introduce a second generation of
consensus-based environmental policy-making, he has ordered a
suite of unilateral policy reversals, none of which has an environmental
benefit, whatever else the merits may be.


Most notably, his administration has:

* Retracted tight new standards proposed for arsenic in
drinking water, to be replaced with a less-healthful one.

* Reneged on his campaign pledge to reduce carbon-dioxide
emissions linked to global warming, thus undercutting a range
of private initiatives to control those gasses and further derailing
the Kyoto Protocol, an international treaty designed to reduce
worldwide greenhouse-gas emissions, which the president has renounced.

* Championed oil and gas drilling in pristine wilderness
areas and chosen not to defend a proposal to place one-third of
the nation's forests off-limits to road builders, decisions that
contravene public sentiment and delay a forest plan based on more
than 600 hearings and more than 1 million comments.

* And urged repeal of a mining law that would hold gold,
silver and other hard-rock miners responsible for the environmental
damage they cause.

Economic arguments can be made for each. But collectively, and
in the absence of any proactive environmental agenda, they look
more like giveaways to various industries.

As a candidate, Bush promised to "set high environmental standards
and then provide flexibility and market-based incentives to help
localities and industries meet those standards." He spoke of
bipartisanship and collaborative efforts to achieve collective
environmental goals. But beyond a lot of "no, no, no's," his
administration has offered nothing that even looks like an agenda
to advance environmental goals in innovative ways, leaving him
open to criticism that he has none.

When asked, the White House specifically listed six "bold" presidential
steps. But on examination, they are hardly bold and sometimes
not even this administration's. A promise to make full use of
the Land and Water Conservation Fund is welcome. But four others
refer to action taken by the last administration. These are decisions
to endorse a consent decree that will force the Environmental
Protection Agency to speed up its assessment of the amount of
pesticide in foods; embrace new diesel-fuel regulations; honor
the designation of new federal-monument lands; and embrace new
energy-efficiency standards.

A plan to seek new controls on mercury, nitrogen oxide and sulfur
dioxide, pollutants emitted by power plants, is part of a more
comprehensive initiative that has been kicking around in Congress
for years. So much for a "new era of environmental protection."

The lack of initiative is particularly frustrating because articulating
an environmental approach with Republican appeal isn't very difficult.
Many of principles of such an approach -- the emphasis on collaboration;
the use of market incentives to entice industry participation
-- have been around for years. They have broad bipartisan support
and were actively embraced by Bush during the campaign.

And they work. Programs that employ such tactics have reduced
pollution by hundreds of thousands of tons a year. One notable
success is the Toxic Release Inventory, which requires industries
simply to publish the amount of pollutants they release. Another
is a program that allows industries to trade pollution credits.
This allows older plants to purchase unused pollution credits
from newer, cleaner operations while still reducing industry emissions
overall.

It can work elsewhere, too. The Kyoto Protocol repudiated by the
White House would harness market forces and incentives for innovation
to begin reducing the worldwide release of the gasses linked to
climate change. Even such establishment icons as IBM and Boeing
have endorsed the framework. Another proposal is to provide incentives
to private-property owners to protect habitats for endangered
species. Still others may include solid-waste collection and fisheries
management.

To date, administration officials in the Environmental Protection
Agency and the Interior Department have only fiddled at the edges
of these ideas. The president says he has a forward-looking environmental
vision. If so, it's time he shared it.<>Despite promises,
many retreats and not a single new idea.<><TODAYS_TOPIC>Today's
debate: Bush environmental policies <>

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Quin Tian, USA TODAY, Source:Center for Responsive
Politics(Bar graph)

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              35 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 15, 2001, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Global warming cloud hangs over Bush's stop in Sweden

BYLINE: Judy Keen and Steven Komarow

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 407 words


G[Ouml]TEBORG, Sweden -- A rift over global warming created tension
between President Bush and European leaders in their meetings
here Thursday.

After meeting with the heads of state from the 15 European Union
nations, Bush reiterated his opposition to the Kyoto Protocol
of 1997, a treaty that would require industrialized nations to
reduce greenhouse gas emissions. The United States is the leading
producer of those emissions.


"People in our nation care about global warming and greenhouse
emissions," Bush said at a news conference. "We didn't feel
like the Kyoto treaty was well-balanced. It didn't include developing
nations. The goals were not realistic."

"We agree to disagree," Swedish Prime Minister Goran Persson
said. "The European Union will stick to the Kyoto Protocol and
go for a ratification process. The U.S. has chosen another policy."

Bush tried to minimize the dispute. "We do agree that climate
change is a serious issue and we must work together," he said.

As the heads of state met and dined together, several thousand
protesters swarmed around this ancient coastal city. A peaceful
protest that began with several demonstrators baring their bottoms
in the direction of Bush's hotel later turned more intense. Police
arrested more than 200 people protesting globalization and Bush's
environmental policies.

Five police officers were slightly injured in the largest protests
Bush has seen since arriving Tuesday in Europe.

Bush's stop here was the third on his five-day tour of Europe.
Today he visits Warsaw, and on Saturday he'll meet with Russian
President Vladimir Putin in Slovenia.

Bush has made a little headway in his plan to deploy a missile-defense
shield and withstood the scrutiny of fellow heads of state.

Some leaders said Bush defied their expectations, which were based
on his foreign-policy inexperience and media portrayals of him
as an intellectual lightweight.

Those who expected Bush to be "not prepared and . . . a
little ridiculous" were disappointed, Persson said after meeting
with Bush on Wednesday in Brussels. He called Bush "naturally
competent."

Jeffrey Gedmin, an expert on European affairs at the American
Enterprise Institute in Washington, said Bush's trip is important
even if he doesn't come back with concrete results.

"If you want to get something done, and you like an alliance,
you need allies," he said.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Reuters; Headed for protest: Demonstrators carry a giant
effigy of Bush.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              36 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 9, 2001, Monday, FINAL EDITION

President accused of being cool on global warming Critics point to
administration's delay in planning for international negotiations set for next
week

BYLINE: Traci Watson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 445 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Barely a week before the start of international
talks on global warming, the Bush administration has neither finalized
its negotiating team nor proposed an alternative to a treaty it
rejected earlier this year.

Critics accuse the administration of foot-dragging. They say the
delay shows how low a priority President Bush places on global
warming. White House officials say they are working on the administration's
stance on how best to limit greenhouse gases.


On Monday, diplomats from about 150 countries will converge on
Bonn, Germany, for a 12-day conference to resolve differences
left over from a meeting in November on the Kyoto Protocol. The
protocol is a treaty approved in Kyoto, Japan, in 1997 that calls
for mandatory reductions in the gases thought to lead to rising
global temperatures.

The State Department, however, hasn't announced who will head
the U.S. negotiating team. Diplomats and industry groups say it
is unusual to see such uncertainty so close to the start of major
negotiations.

Late last week, the State Department was still in the process
of notifying low-level staffers whether they would be attending
the talks, those staffers say.

The U.S. team that attended the talks in November in The Hague,
Netherlands, numbered roughly 100 people. State Department officials
say the Bonn delegation will be smaller.

That is partly because Bush rejected the treaty that the meeting
will focus on, former State Department officials say. Because
the United States won't be involved in hashing out details of
the treaty, it doesn't need a large contingent in Bonn, officials
say.

The 1997 protocol was shaped by 160 nations. It has yet to be
ratified by industrialized nations and has been rejected by the
Bush administration.

Bush says the treaty's mandatory cuts in greenhouse gas emissions
would unduly harm the U.S. economy and unfairly exempt developing
economies such as China.

Months ago, the Bush administration promised allies it would propose
an alternative. But officials from many nations say they are not
expecting to see one before the conference.

Bush said in June that he would address global warming by supporting
research, the development of anti-pollution technology and voluntary
programs rather than mandatory emissions cuts. Since then, a Bush
Cabinet-level working group on global warming hasn't met, according
to industry representatives.

"They recognize there's a problem," says Dan Bodansky, who recently
left the State Department's climate-change team. "But they're
unwilling to do anything that will involve any significant pain."

LOAD-DATE: July 09, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              37 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 20, 2001, Friday, FINAL EDITION

U.S. under fire at global warming talks

BYLINE: Traci Watson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 545 words

DATELINE: BONN, Germany


BONN, Germany -- Despite rejecting a treaty to combat global warming,
the United States was the focus of talks on saving the Kyoto Protocol
on Thursday.

The United States drew stinging criticism from environmentalists
and a plea from France to rejoin.

Yet, the limited U.S. role at the talks also appeared to galvanize
other countries to try to salvage the pact. European nations pushed
to rescue it while seeking to forestall loopholes they say would
undermine its goal of reducing harmful emissions.


On the eve of a summit in Italy, French President Jacques Chirac
stressed European support for the accord and called for pressure
on the United States to rethink its opposition. But President
Bush made clear he'll stand his ground in meetings in Genoa with
the leaders of other major industrialized democracies: "We're
willing to listen, and I will continue to stand for what I think
is right for America."

The main disagreements involve how to credit countries for properly
managing forests that soak up carbon dioxide from the air, and
on how sternly to punish countries that fail to meet targets for
reducing emissions of gases believed to contribute to global warming.

At last count, 178 countries are taking part in the talks that
started here Monday. Often the result is gridlock. Occasionally,
it is chaos.

One thing prevents it from being even worse: The countries have
divided themselves into teams, which face off and join together
as the moment suits them.

The alliances are divided over the rules of the Kyoto Protocol.
They also are often riled by internal dissention and competing
interests. One team is so divided that its unofficial motto is
"working together, not tied together."

Even so, the alliances persist through conference after conference
and argument after argument. Nations simply find them too useful
to abandon. "Individual countries are less powerful than groups
with common interests," former U.S. climate negotiator David
Doniger says.

There are three main coalitions:

* The Umbrella Group. Formed at the talks in Japan where
the protocol was written in 1997, this bloc includes the United
States, Australia, Canada, Russia, Ukraine, New Zealand, Norway
and Japan. All are industrialized nations that don't belong to
the European Union. They favor maximum freedom in how countries
are allowed to reduce their emissions. Their motto insists members
are "not tied together."

* The G-77 and China. This group includes more than 130
nations. The bloc includes Fiji and other countries that want
a treaty. Rising seas threaten many of these countries. But the
coalition also includes oil-producing nations, such as Kuwait,
which fear revenue losses if a treaty takes effect and reduces
global demand for oil.

* The European Union. These 15 European nations work together
to set a single global warming policy for the group.

Bush's rejection of the pact jolted all the teams. The collapse
of the previous talks, held in the Netherlands last November,
also led to changes in how teams operate. It's too soon to know
whether the talks will succeed. If they do, it will be due in
part to countries putting aside their differences and acting together.



LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Kai Pfaffenbach, Reuters; Outside the conference: Police in
Bonn arrest a protester Thursday outside an international meeting aimed at
saving the Kyoto Protocol.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              42 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 10, 2001, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

When school hurts Continued violence has schools, states taking a hard look at
bullying

BYLINE: Karen S. Peterson

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 1231 words


Almost two years have elapsed since the school shootings at Columbine
High School in Littleton, Colo., on April 20, 1999. Since then,
the list of schools written in blood in the public mind continues
to lengthen, culminating most recently with Granite Hills High
in El Cajon, Calif., where five were wounded March 22. Granite
Hills is but a few miles from Santana High, where two were killed
March 5.

As the reports of real and threatened violence escalate, lawmakers
and school authorities struggle to find answers. The focus often
is on one piece of the puzzle: bullying.


Many of the recent shooters have felt put upon at school. Even
the Secret Service worries about bullying. A study run by its
National Threat Assessment Center found that in about two-thirds
of 37 school shootings over the last 25 years, the attackers felt
"persecuted, bullied, threatened, attacked or injured." Often
the bullying was both "long-standing and severe."

The Department of Justice reported in 1999 that about 5% of students
ages 12 through 18 said they had been bullied at school in the
last six months. The National Association of School Psychologists
quoted a 1993 figure that it says is probably now quite conservative:
160,000 students stayed home on any given day for fear of being
bullied.

States examine options

Colorado tops the growing list of legislatures trying to mandate
school programs that will keep bullies at bay. The question that
is raised by many experts: What programs really work, and what
can schools be expected to do?

Colorado's plan would require each of the state's districts to
come up with an anti-bullying policy. "I get letters from children
and their parents who don't feel it is safe for students to go
to school," says state Rep. Don Lee, a Republican and one of
the bill's sponsors. Columbine is in his district. "Parents and
children are rattled." Colorado governor Bill Owens, a Republican,
has not yet indicated whether he will sign the bill.

Illinois is considering anti-bullying legislation just introduced
by House Speaker Michael Madigan, a Democrat, who saw fellow students
bullied when he was a kid. Local jurisdictions would come up with
their own proposals.

A handful of states have passed or are considering such anti-bullying
legislation, says Julie Thomerson, a specialist in school violence
policies with the National Conference of State Legislatures. She
cites laws under consideration in Washington and Oregon. Georgia
and New Hampshire already have taken the plunge. "The challenge
is, there is not enough research to point to specific, effective
approaches," Thomerson says. It's not that programs are bad:
Many are too new to have been evaluated, she says.

Colorado's legislation would let school districts choose their
own approach. It could be as minimal, Lee says, as announcing
that bullying won't be tolerated, or as elaborate as a "full-blown
bully prevention program."

Deciding what works

To be truly effective, programs must be comprehensive, says Jane
Grady of the Center for the Study and Prevention of Violence at
the University of Colorado. In 1996, the center analyzed 450 violence
prevention programs nationwide, some with a bullying component.
They came up with a top-10 list of model programs that meet their
strict criteria, plus 18 promising programs. Further information
is available at www.colorado.edu/cspv.

"These are not just programs that can be given to students for
45 minutes once a week," Grady says. Successful programs often
"have a parent component, may involve the entire family, have
a student component and a community component." One of the center's
model programs is the Bullying Prevention Program, which targets
kids in elementary, middle and junior high school. Research shows
the program reduces bullying and improves the "social climate"
in classrooms, while improving attitudes toward schoolwork, says
the center's evaluation of the program.

This particular approach is a favorite of Margaret Sagarese, co-author
of Cliques. "It really focuses on the bullies" and improves
the atmosphere at a school. The entire climate must change, she
says. You can't just get rid of one bully: Another will simply
take his or her place.

Sagarese describes the Bullying Prevention Program in her book:
"An anonymous questionnaire filled out by students determines
the scope of the problem and who is responsible. Teachers add
their observations. In the classroom, bullying is discussed and
empathy is encouraged. A school conference day is scheduled to
highlight messages and skills, including how to be social and
positive. Teachers, administrators or counselors intervene with
known bullies, talking to those boys and girls and to their parents
as well."

There are promising programs, but there is no magic bullet, experts
say. "No one program or school curriculum will make bullying
go away," says Bill Modzeleski, director of the Safe and Drug-Free
Schools program of the Department of Education. His DOE project
has identified nine exemplary and 33 promising programs. The plans
are outlined at www.ed.gov; click on "safe and drug-free schools."

No one program is suitable for all schools or all communities,
he says. "There is no single formula, because of the variety
of schools we have."

Problem is complex

Also, combating bullying is not necessarily the gold standard
in violence prevention, some experts caution. The Secret Service
report says there is "no accurate or useful profile of the school
shooter." Some in their study were bullied, and some were not.
Bullies came from both intact and broken families. Some were socially
isolated, some popular. Academic performance ranged from "excellent
to failing."

Included in the mix for potential violence are "a student's individual
makeup, possible mental illness, drug abuse, the relationships
with their parents and their community," Grady says.

The effort to stamp out bullying and school violence should concentrate
on "disconnected kids" and their relationships, not on programs
per se, Modzeleski says. "This is about building trust between
kids and the adults they can talk to about problems," he says,
"about the relationships we forge with our children as parents,
teachers, youth service workers, clergy. We want to develop a
climate where kids don't fall through the cracks, where they can
offload that burning rage they feel inside."



Bullying is more than big vs. small

Bullying involves intentional, repeated hurtful acts, words or
other behavior. There is a real or perceived power imbalance between
bully and victim. Bullying may be:

* Physical. Punching, poking, hair-pulling, beating, biting.

* Verbal. Name-calling, teasing, gossip.

* Emotional. Rejecting, humiliating, ostracizing, berating
personal characteristics such as perceived sexual orientation.

* Sexual. Harassment and actual abuse.

Source: U.S. Department of Education

Young and intimidated

Students in lower grades are more apt to say they've been bullied
than those in higher grades.

Percentage of students ages 12 through 18 who reported being
bullied at school during the previous six months, by grade level,
1999

6th-7th10%8th-9th 5%10th-12th 2%



LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Greg L'Heureux, USA TODAY(Illustration); GRAPHIC, b/w,
Julie Snider, USA TODAY, Source:U.S. Department of Justice(Bar graph)

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              44 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 19, 2001, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Zeal to nab terror suspects moves too far too fast

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 939 words

Today's debate: Rooting out terrorists

Our view: Ashcroft, Congress seek broad law-enforcement powers.

In the week since the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center and the
Pentagon, the USA has shown so much of its good side that the inevitable
missteps tend to be overlooked and overshadowed. That's mostly a good thing. The
nation needs unity and healing, not bickering and recrimination.


But it's also important to guard against emotionally charged reactions that
create problems easily seen in more deliberate times. One of those mistakes is
percolating now in Washington: a rush to pass excessive and long-rejected
assaults on privacy along with more sensible measures that would aid the
investigation of suspected terrorists.

This has been building for a week and was brought to a peak Monday by Attorney
General John Ashcroft. In urging new tools for law enforcement, Ashcroft refused
to specify what they were while asking Congress to approve them by the end of
the week.

This is no way to conduct democracy, even in crisis. Emotions of the moment are
too easily used to railroad measures of dubious value past a public that
ordinarily puts privacy from government intrusion near the top of its concerns.

The question isn't whether law enforcement should be able to investigate
terrorists effectively. Of course it should. The question is whether the
measures are structured so broadly and permanently that they'll inevitably be
used in other ways.

Given the lack of specifics, this is hard to assess. But broad outlines traced
by Ashcroft in public interviews and private discussions with congressional
leaders suggest cause for concern.

For instance, Ashcroft says he wants the ability to authorize roving wiretaps
that follow particular suspects instead of being tied to a single phone line,
something he says the law now prevents. That's simply not true. Since wiretap
laws were changed in 1998, federal officials have been required only to convince
a judge that obtaining a roving tap is necessary.

So what's the purpose of the change? No one knows. Perhaps it's just symbolic.
But some members of Congress briefed by Ashcroft believe that what he really
wants are changes that would make judges rubber-stamps rather than
decision-makers. Terrorists aside, that could give the government free rein to
tap private phones.

Maybe Ashcroft could make a convincing case for moving ahead anyway, if he had
allowed enough time. But rushing such a change through without debate is
unwarranted by the current crisis. What judge in this national climate would
reject a request to tap a terrorism suspect?

The Senate, unfortunately, has already started to cut judges out of the wiretap
process. Last Thursday, it rushed through vast expansions of law-enforcement
authority. The chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee wasn't able to read
the new bill until 30 minutes before debate began.

One provision would allow all 91 U.S. attorneys to order a 48-hour emergency
wiretap on electronic communications without consulting a judge. That proposal
had previously been considered by Congress and rejected in favor of placing such
unchecked authority in the hands of only the attorney general and his top
lieutenants. That's not much of an impediment, if any.

What binds these two proposals and makes them troubling is that both seek to
push judges out of decisions that authorize a serious invasion of personal
privacy. Oversight from an independent judiciary is the key bulwark that allows
strong law enforcement while preventing police from going too far.

There are many more provisions. Some are long-held goals of federal law
enforcement that have been rejected outright or where compromises between civil
liberties and legitimate law-enforcement needs have already been made.

Yet so far, neither Ashcroft nor the Senate has pointed to a single instance in
which America's laws stood in the way of preventing last week's tragedy.

The proposals could backfire in several ways. The danger is particularly great
for Americans determined to see justice done to those who collaborated with
hijackers in last week's attacks. If rushed laws are ruled unconstitutional or
new police powers are used unwisely, judges would be obligated to throw out any
evidence gained under them. The result could be a "Get Out of Jail Free" card
for killers.

There are plenty of ways federal law could be improved without such risk. For
instance, the mobility of terrorists before their attacks last week showed the
need for cross-jurisdictional wiretaps and search orders. Money-laundering
activities should become an acceptable reason for opening a terrorism
investigation. And ending the statute of limitations for terrorism is also wise.
All are believed to be among Ashcroft's suggestions.

But the need for some doesn't justify blind acceptance of all. Congress should
move with all deliberate speed, not race precipitously on the wings of fear.


Civil rights suspended

* Civil War: President Lincoln allowed arrests without warrants for crimes
unspecified in law. Hundreds were tried before military tribunals instead of
civilian courts.

* World War I: Espionage and Sedition Acts forbade criticism of the government
and resulted in the harassment of thousands.

* World War II: U.S. Supreme Court upheld a decision to send 110,000
Japanese-Americans to internment camps.

* Cold War: Investigators used guilt by association to accuse people of
communist sympathies and spied on civil-rights and anti-Vietnam activists.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, National Japanese American Historical Society; PHOTO, B/W,
Russell Lee, 1942; Library of Congress; Singled out: FBI agent searches
Japanese-American family's home in 1941. <>Displaced: Child in Los Angeles
awaits move to internment camp.

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              45 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 27, 2001, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Creed stays the course

BYLINE: Elysa Gardner

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1470 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

NEW YORK -- On Sept. 11, the members of the rock band Creed were about to begin
mixing a new CD, their follow-up to 1999's massively successful Human Clay, when
news broke of the terrorist attacks.

"No one went to work for about three days after that," Scott Stapp, the group's
28-year-old lead singer and lyricist, recalls. He's sitting in a Manhattan hotel
room that, he points out, once offered a prime view of the World Trade Center,
where Creed once held a party at the landmark restaurant Windows on the World,
on the 107th floor of the north tower.

"No one wanted to leave home," Stapp continues. "Everyone was glued to CNN or
trying to get through to friends. One of our producers has family who live here,
and we couldn't reach them at first. One of my mom's friends wound up losing her
husband. We were all in a depressive state."


But when Stapp, guitarist Mark Tremonti, 27, and drummer Scott Phillips, 28,
returned to the studio, they decided not to change a word of the songs that they
had recorded for Weathered, which arrived in stores last week. So it sounds a
bit eerie to hear Stapp crooning, on the hit single My Sacrifice, "We've seen
our shares of ups and downs . . .  Life can turn around in an instant." Other
excerpts can seem similarly prophetic: "All that was sacred to us . . .  The
covenant has been broken by mankind," Stapp observes on Who's Got My Back? while
on Freedom Fighter, he sings of "raging on in holy war."

Neither Stapp nor Tremonti, who co-writes Creed's songs, claims to be a
soothsayer or a covert intelligence expert. Rather, their reflections are in
keeping with the dramatically sober but ultimately optimistic perspective that
also distinguished Clay, which has sold more than 10 million copies, and its
six-times-platinum predecessor, 1997's My Own Prison.

"In our music, we deal with fear and insecurity and depression -- the whole
gamut of human emotions," Stapp explains. "But we don't sit around and have a
pity party. There's always a moment of reconciliation in our music, a sense that
no matter how low you get, you have to keep pressing on. It's like I'm saying,
'OK, this is where I need to be.' I'm not necessarily saying that I'm there yet;
it's more like I'm giving myself a personal pep talk. We write these songs for
ourselves, to motivate us and to give us hope and faith."

That hope and faith have been misinterpreted by some, Stapp says, noting that
Creed "has been miscategorized for a long time as a Christian band." Stapp was
raised in a religious family, and the singer admits that "a lot of references
and analogies I use are based on the literature I was made to read and the stuff
I was made to do the first 18 years of my life.

"But we all have different beliefs in this band, and we have no agenda to make
people believe in Christianity. And God and spirituality have never been our
primary focus. When we made My Own Prison, I was in search of beliefs, just
trying to figure things out, and a lot of people in the media and the Christian
community didn't understand that.

"I mean, all three of us have faith, and I think we all believe there is a God.
And there is definitely an intent to point people in a positive direction, and
in some songs, that is to have faith and to lean on God when times get tough.
But it's not a Christian God or a Buddhist God or a Muslim God. It's the God I
see when I look at my little boy," Stapp says, referring to 3-year-old Jagger,
his son from a former marriage.

"It's the God I see in nature," Stapp goes on. "It's the God I see when I look
at the Grand Canyon, or at beautiful, snow-capped mountains. It's the God that
is revealed to me through the world around me."

Stapp's penchant for earnestness and bombast -- the guy can talk for 45 minutes
without once shifting his eyes, laughing or even cracking a smile -- is even
more evident in Creed's sentimental smash hits, which include Higher and With
Arms Wide Open, and in the singer's brooding video persona, which can make Eddie
Vedder seem like a goofball by comparison.

"Creed obviously got their sound from Pearl Jam, and Pearl Jam's music sounded,
to me, like loud mush," says Chuck Eddy, music editor of The Village Voice.
"It's in the vocal style, which really goes back to Jim Morrison -- this
overblown, wound-tight kind of grunt. It sounds like somebody who's really
constipated.

"But The Doors had more of a sense of humor; there was a certain irreverence
about them, plus they had hooks. Pearl Jam reduced that to a kind of saint-rock,
where the singer presents himself as if he should be canonized and turns himself
into a cartoon. I think Creed has turned even more into a parody of itself."

But Creed's frontman offers no mea culpas for his serious music or demeanor. "I
remember talking to Mark when we first got together, around '93. I couldn't
stand what was on radio -- it made no sense to me. I was like, 'Dude, I want
this band to mean something.' I wanted people to really understand what I was
saying. I think a lot of songwriters hide behind using all these clever words
and stuff because they just don't know how to express themselves clearly, you
know?"

Clearly, Creed's utter lack of irony struck a chord with rock fans even before
rumors of irony's death began spreading. "It's been a steady climb for us,"
Stapp says. "A lot of people think it was rapid, but that's because we were
under the radar. We didn't immediately get tons of MTV and VH1 airplay, which
can dynamically affect your record sales. We had sold 5 or 6 million copies of
My Own Prison, and people still didn't know what we looked like. We never sought
the attention of the media and the press, and it's not until now that they've
caught up with us.

"All we cared about was our fans and radio, which has always been behind us, and
our live shows. We played every night like it was the last show of our lives. We
didn't care if only one person was there; our philosophy was, we'll win that
person over, and the next time he'll bring all his friends, and then they'll
bring all their friends. And that's exactly how it happened, in a grass-roots
kind of way."

Spin editor in chief Alan Light feels that Creed's unabashedly fervent approach
may attract even more fans in our current social climate. "Given the tone of the
country and where everyone is at emotionally post-Sept. 11, I think a big,
anthemic rock record -- coming off of a record that sold 10 or 11 million -- is
in a very strong position," Light says. "Think of the way that U2 snapped back
into focus after Sept. 11. Here was a band that was about community, and about
using music to unify and speak to big masses. There was no other band out there
with that sense of ambition and aspiration, that acceptance of scale. Creed is
not afraid to swing for the fences like that."

Tremonti believes that the band's "straight-up arena rock" sound has helped fill
a void in recent years, as teen pop and hip-hop-rock hybrids continued to
dominate the charts.

"There were a lot of fans, people who liked '70s rock who had nothing to buy.
Maybe they enjoyed some of the early '90s stuff, like Soundgarden and Alice in
Chains, but there hadn't been any old-school-style rock 'n' roll."

Adds Stapp, "I think the day our first album was released, Soundgarden had just
broken up, and in the issue of Rolling Stone that was out at the time, it said,
'Rock 'n' roll is dead.' I remember reading that article and laughing, because I
thought, 'Not anymore.' "

Stapp maintains that success hasn't changed the group's outlook on music, fame
or anything else.

"Our loyalty still lies with radio and our fans, because they've been with us
from day one," he says. "Now the people who dissed us and wrote us off are
acting like they've been there all along. But we don't forget. We don't harbor
any hostility, though, because we're glad it happened the way it did. We earned
our success, and we were able to mature and learn how to handle it. We're still
not as visually out there as a lot of bands that haven't even accomplished as
much as we have, and we like that."

In fact, Stapp says, "I think all three of us in the band are a little worried
about how much our lives will change after this record, now that we're getting
all that media attention. What's going to happen to our private lives? But we'll
take it as it comes, deal with it the best way we know how and just keep making
music."



Lyrics to live by

"We've seen our shares of ups and downs... Life can turn around in an instant."

My Sacrifice

"All that was sacred to us...The covenant has been broken by mankind."

Who's Got My Back?

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Len Irish, Wind-up Records; PHOTO, B/W, Kevin Winter,
ImageDirect; What they're not: Creed members Mark Tremonti, left, Scott Stapp
and Scott Phillips say those who categorize them as a Christian band are missing
the point. The message: The band decided not to change the lyrics for their
album Weathered following Sept. 11, vocalist Scott Stapp says.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              49 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 8, 2001, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Martial arts to create new breed of Marines Corps hopes to develop 'ethical
warriors' for the modern military age

BYLINE: Andrea Stone

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1780 words

DATELINE: QUANTICO, Va.


QUANTICO, Va. -- Eastern spiritualism meets Western macho.

It's a novel idea, at least for the Marine Corps, which this spring
will begin requiring every American leatherneck to learn Asian
martial arts -- a first for the U.S. military.

The objective is to meld the physical and mental discipline of
martial arts with the hand-to-hand combat skills the Corps has
long emphasized.

The Corps, recognizing that Marines are more likely to be deployed
for peacekeeping missions than traditional warfare, expects the
martial arts to develop skills needed to restrain civilians and
to build confidence in Marines, so that they don't overreact in
hostile situations. It will graduate its first recruits trained
in martial arts this May.


In addition to learning how to defend themselves with lethal force,
students of martial arts are taught to condition the mind, spirit
and body to cope with all challenges. Mentally, they are trained
to believe that they are in command, so they won't lose control
or feel a need to prove themselves in hostile situations.

The Marines say they hope such self-discipline will restrain troops
from getting involved in bar fights or exhibiting other aggressive
behavior, which has been a chronic problem in Okinawa and in other
civilian areas near military bases.

The introduction of martial arts is also fitting given the Marines'
image of themselves as America's samurai warriors -- as in the
recruiting ads that show a sword-wielding young man slay a dragon
and then turn into a Marine.

"When they say the word 'Marine,' there's a certain capability
that is advertised," says Lt. Col. George Bristol, who directs
the martial arts instructor school at Quantico, a primary base
for officer training. Bristol, whose office is adorned with pictures
of samurai warriors and medieval knights, adds, "We're giving
them the mental character and physical discipline to be what we
are advertised to be."

Instructors began learning martial arts last November. Eventually,
everyone who wears the Marine uniform will be required to go through
a training program. Recruits at the Marines' two boot camps, in
San Diego and Parris Island, S.C., will earn beginner-level tan
belts, the Corps' version of the traditional martial arts belt,
or obi. Officials want every Marine to wear at least a
tan belt beneath their camouflage uniforms by next year.

The only other U.S. troops instructed in martial arts are elite
forces, such as the Army Rangers and Navy SEALS. However, the
other services are thinking about following the Marines' lead
in making the training mandatory for everyone, Bristol says.

The Army, for example, has started to teach jujitsu to soldiers
who are part of a Fort Lewis, Wash., brigade heading the Army's
effort to convert itself into a more mobile and flexible force.

Compared with other new "weapons" the Pentagon orders, this
one is cheap: Start-up costs will be $ 1.3 million in 2001; after
that, the training program will cost the Marines $ 225,000 a year.

Martial arts will be incorporated into physical conditioning throughout
a Marine's career. A motivated leatherneck can work up from a
tan belt to gray, green, brown and black. Black belts can have
up to six red stripes that denote degrees of expertise.

But this will be no Kung Fu Corps. "The last thing I want is
an army of ninjas who are undisciplined," says Marine Corps Commandant
Gen. James Jones, the force behind the "culture change."

Jones got the idea 34 years ago when he was a platoon commander
in Vietnam. He watched South Korean marines perform tae kwon do
and noticed that they intimidated his own men. He also heard rumors
that the Viet Cong made sure to avoid areas controlled by the
South Koreans.

Fewer brawls

In 1986, Jones introduced martial arts training in his battalion
at Camp Pendleton, Calif. The results, he says, were startling.
Alcohol-related incidents plummeted. So did the number of Marines
involved in off-base brawls.

Martial arts tamp down "excessive testosterone," says Master
Sgt. Shane Franklin, who is learning how to become an instructor.
"It's teaching you to control it, when to be less aggressive
and when to switch it on and use deadly force."

As a sign in a stairwell here puts it: "One mind, one weapon."

"The best weapon is the mind that controls it," says Bristol,
who helped develop the program. "No warrior society has ever
won a war with kicks and punches. The aim is to give Marines the
capability to kill, balanced with the control and compassion to
know when that's appropriate."

Mackubin "Mac" Owens, a Marine infantryman in Vietnam who teaches
at the U.S. Naval War College, says the program could teach valuable
skills. "In a war situation, you have to overcome the strongest
passion that mankind knows: fear," he says. "One of the most
difficult aspects of doing peacekeeping operations is that it
requires a nuanced response. You just don't automatically open
up with your weapons."

Bristol says he is molding "ethical warriors." Dealing with
rock-throwing teenagers in Haiti or hysterical grandmothers in
Kosovo requires restraint, he says. Marines were taught only two
non-lethal wristlocks before 1997; the new program includes nearly
a dozen techniques that can be used to subdue angry civilians.

"If you lose your cool, you're an international incident waiting
to happen," Bristol says. "An 18-year-old can make a decision
that turns a humanitarian mission into a combat zone."

That's a major worry for the 172,000-member active-duty Corps,
which has the youngest and least-seasoned troops of any service
branch; the average age is 23, and two-thirds are on their first
enlistment.

Problems in Okinawa

Young Marines behaving badly have caused scandals and headlines
in Okinawa, where 19,000 Marines make up the largest Corps contingent
outside the USA. This year, a 23-year-old Marine was detained
in two arson cases, and a 21-year-old corporal was arrested on
charges that he molested a 16-year-old girl.

Many other Marines stationed on the Japanese island have studied
Okinawa's ancient form of karate during their off-hours. Among
those who have mastered Okinawan karate are Bristol and his chief
trainer, Master Gunnery Sgt. Cardo Urso, who says he holds several
black belts in various martial arts.

Bristol, Urso and a platoon of consultants have developed a system
for the Marines that borrows from more than a dozen martial arts.
They include karate, judo, jujitsu, aikido and arts that use swords,
spears and other weapons.

Some Asian martial arts that go back thousands of years combine
the calm and focus of Zen Buddhism, Taoism and other eastern religions
with intricate physical self-defense moves. The Marine hybrid
stresses the service's core values of honor, courage and commitment,
and focuses on grappling, punching, striking and restraining techniques.

The Marine version isn't showy. After all, what good is a high-kicking,
brick-breaking, Bruce Lee-style move if you're fighting in a swamp
or in sand with a 70-pound pack on your back?

No 'schoolboy' rules

The program is far from the image most Americans have of martial
arts: someone in white pajamas yelling "Hai-yah!" in a climate-controlled,
wood-floored dojo (school) located in a shopping center.

"Most people who train in a dojo are not equipped for
self-defense," says Richard Heckler, a psychologist and black
belt in Japanese aikido who worked as a consultant on the Marine
program.

"In combat, you're not working with a willing partner," he says.

Urso calls civilian instruction "schoolboy martial arts." To
make it safe for children, instructors have taken much of the
"martial" out of the arts. In most civilian schools, that means
no gouging or hitting below the belt.

Marines won't be trained to play by those rules. They will literally
go for the jugular, taking anatomy classes that point out choke
points for killing an enemy.

"On the battlefield, there is no dirty fighting," Urso says.
Real martial arts are "not pretty, not choreographed. But it's
what a Marine needs to survive."

Instructors will teach all Marines, including women, martial arts
that involve weapons, such as a bayonet, stick or rock, and arts
that require only their hands or legs. The program also departs
from the Marines' long emphasis on upper body strength, which
can put women at a disadvantage, by adapting the Asian focus on
the legs and hips.

But the most radical change in training philosophy is the "holistic"
approach, Bristol says.

"You can teach very violent physical techniques to people, but
if you don't have the mental and character discipline to regulate
and control them, you basically produce a thug," he says.

"From an untrained observer's eye, it's people fighting," says
consultant Hunter Armstrong, director of the International Hoplology
Society, which studies combative behavior. "What is not readily
seen is the strong character aspect. We are instructing them in
the responsibilities of the modern warrior."

So along with hip throws and chokeholds, Marines hear stories
about Medal of Honor winners and tales of Spartan, Zulu and Apache
warriors. "We show them that being a warrior is a timeless, nationless
calling," Bristol says.

But the program takes spirituality just so far. An early experiment
with meditation -- what Heckler calls "attention training" --
was dropped. Too touchy-feely? "We didn't think it was applicable,"
Bristol says.

On a gray, overcast day here recently, there was no time for meditating.
Instructor-trainees were put through a series of grueling tasks
designed to build team cohesion and wear them down as they would
be in battle.

They climbed ladders, jumped hurdles, crawled through tunnels,
grappled amid pepper spray and struck each other with wooden bayonets.
It looked like old-fashioned blood and guts.

But then the wet, muddy and exhausted Marines gathered around
Bristol for the "character" portion of their training. He asked
them to recall who they were before they joined the Corps. Then,
he softly recited The Road Less Taken by Robert Frost.

Two roads diverged in a wood, and I -

I took the one less traveled by,

And that has made all the difference.

"All of us took that road," Bristol concluded, his voice sounding
as though he were emerging from a trance. "This is the culture
of the warrior. Not big, flashing swords and spinning around.
But mud that gets in your shoes."

LOAD-DATE: March 08, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Emilie Sommer, USA TODAY; PHOTO, B/W, Emilie Sommer, USA
TODAY; Mind, spirit and body: 2nd Lt. Sarah Afshar, 22, throws 2nd Lt. Sean
Hurley, 22, over her hip in a martial arts move in Quantico, Va. Beginning this
spring, Marines will be required to learn martial arts. 'The modern warrior:
Sgt. Byron Bell, left, defends himself against Sgt. Kevin Murphy, 36, in
Quantico, Va.  Marines will learn martial arts that involve weapons, and
techniques that require only their hands or legs.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              52 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 17, 2001, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Flag vote continues the quest for Dixie's soul

BYLINE: Diane McWhorter

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 1146 words


Although I grew up in a state that proclaimed itself the Heart
of Dixie, I was nonetheless taught at school that it would have
been a tragedy if the South had won the Civil War. Our side, my
schoolteachers explained, was guilty of two indefensible sins:
slavery and the sundering of the greatest nation on earth. Yet
so much did I love being a Southerner that there always came a
devastating point when, engrossed in a new book, I would realize
that the heroine spoke with a "Yankee accent" and further identification
with her became impossible.

For most of us, the essence of our Southernness was the pride
of the unfairly vanquished. (The argument we mustered in favor
of the Confederacy was the superiority not of our cause, but of
our generals.) I experienced the defeat, 100 years after Appomattox,
as an existential ache that was far from unpleasurable, for it
rationalized the fierceness that passed for poetry in us Celts.
Two things were guaranteed to stir my martyr's soul: the slow
version of Dixie and the stars and bars of the Confederate
flag.

Today, the citizens of Mississippi, next door to my Alabama, go
to the polls to determine whether theirs will remain the last
state to fly over its official spaces a battle flag retired elsewhere
across the Old Confederacy in acknowledgment that the crusade
it honors was wrong. The voters will choose between a sectionally
neutered new state flag, reflecting Mississippi's belated emergence
as a Sunbelt contender, and the banner adopted in 1894, which
showcases the stars and bars in its upper-left-hand corner.

The referendum concludes perhaps the most concerted biracial campaign
ever mounted by a state whose backwardness has always inspired
invidious relief in its neighbors ("Thank God for Mississippi!").
And the backlash to the change has reactivated the national media's
unending quest for the soul of Dixie: Will the white South ever
repent of its racial sins?

Mississippi white voters -- four out of five of whom, according
to a recent poll, will support the old flag -- insist that they
are motivated by the same historical memory that strummed my emotions
as a child. But that romance of the loser is itself a delusion.
For one thing, it ignores the experience of a sizable minority
of the South's population, for whom the war represented, by contrast,
a triumph: emancipation. And the fact that the hometown where
I sorrowfully deplored the evils of slavery was the world's most
segregated city outside Johannesburg, South Africa, suggests that
Northern victory as well as Southern defeat was overrated. Indeed,
the fight goes on and on.

It is, of course, a more recent war that Dixie's current last
stand plainly echoes. The flag affray shares with the civil-rights
drama of the 1960s a cast of characters as well as a central racial
conflict ("white resistance to letting blacks change anything,"
as a retired Mississippi newspaper editor frames the current struggle).
On one side are the "revolutionaries" -- the civil-rights professionals
and their increasingly commonplace bedfellow, a business establishment
that abandoned its militant segregationist ideology as the farm-and-factory
economy shifted to image-sensitive consumer services. The Mississippi
Economic Council (the state Chamber of Commerce), buoyed by an
unprecedented new contract with Nissan, almost single-handedly
bankrolled the campaign for a new flag, featuring a former governor's
laments that the hallowed stars and bars has been co-opted by
the Klan and other white-supremacist groups.

The throwback racist organization leading the charge for the Confederate
flag is the Council of Conservative Citizens. Powerful enough
that Sen. Trent Lott, R-Miss., has been reluctant to repudiate
his much-criticized ties to it, the CCC is a reincarnation of
the White Citizens Councils, which were founded in 1954 as a discreet
middle-class alternative to the Klan and dominated Mississippi
politics throughout the 1960s.

The White Citizens Councils' founder, Robert "Tut" Patterson,
who shuttered that organization in 1989, explained to me, in language
only slightly less coded than that of his CCC successors, that
the flag controversy came about because the NAACP needed an issue
"to keep the blacks stirred up," in order to raise money. Patterson
predicted that the South would rise again. "My hope is that when
people up north have a little understanding of the black race,
Congress will repeal the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the Voting
Rights Act of 1965 and turn it back to the states," he said.

Those two legislative masterpieces, the fruits of the old civil-rights
wars, put in rather bleak perspective the paltry spoils of the
current battlefield. The white "losers" of yesteryear faced
political and economic competition from blacks and the desegregation
of their children's schools. But a new flag is a "concession"
that would cost whites absolutely nothing; it might even enhance
the business climate and reap them better-paying jobs. The apparent
apathy among black voters -- their perception that, as veteran
Mississippi columnist Bill Minor told me, this crusade is "the
white man's guilt trip" -- may reflect the corollary implausibility
of a flag-driven African-American millennium.

Already sounding dejected about the predicted defeat of the new
flag, Richard Howorth, an Oxford bookstore owner, explained what
a moral victory would mean for the state's underdog progressives.
"It would say to the world and to us, 'we welcome opportunity.
We wish to acknowledge the defeat of the South in the Civil War.'
"

There's an argument to be made that the South has not really lost
the fight. Ever since Richard Nixon was elected in 1968 by the
grace of a racially coded "Southern strategy," the Old Confederacy
has been the electoral linchpin of the Republicans' domination
of national politics. The Solid South that once repudiated the
Republican Party of Lincoln has now turned just as monolithically
away from the Democratic Party of Kennedy and Johnson, architects
of the Second Emancipation. And powerful politicians -- Attorney
General John Ashcroft as well as Lott (mum on the flag flap) --
have pandered with impunity to extremist latter-day Southern secessionists.

As a liberal-Democrat female who has lived "up North" for more
than half of my life, I still define myself every day as a Southern-American.
If Southernness is a condition, transcending reason as well as
geography, the voters of Mississippi today have an opportunity
to prove that it does not also have to be a sickness.

Diane McWhorter's new book is Carry Me Home: Birmingham,
Alabama -- The Climactic Battle of the Civil Rights Revolution.
She is a member of USA TODAY's board of contributors.

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Rofelio Solis, AP; Flag battle: University of Mississippi
students display proposed new state flag, left, while a man holds current flag
with Confederate battle emblem.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              55 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     May 31, 2001, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Turkey's European future still over horizon Nation craves EU membership, but a
long list of reforms must be made before it gets and invitation

BYLINE: David J. Lynch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 1424 words

DATELINE: DIYARBAKIR, Turkey


DIYARBAKIR, Turkey -- Black basalt walls dating to the fourth
century overlook a stone inn where Arab traders and their camels
once bedded down for the night. Overhead, the cloud-curdling thunder
of American-made F-16 jets routinely competes with the calls to
prayer issuing from the city's numerous mosques.

Under an ohal, or state of emergency, soldiers carrying
automatic weapons patrol the streets in Land Rovers. Foreign reporters
arriving at the local airport are met by plainclothes police officers,
who tail them throughout their stay. And people who say or write
things the government disagrees with, such as Kurdish separatists,
say they are routinely tortured.

Is this Europe?

The Turkish government, which for four decades has aspired unsuccessfully
to join the rich man's club known as the European Union, says
it should be. But almost 2,000 miles from this center of rebellion
and repression, officials at the EU's elegant headquarters in
Brussels say, "We'll see."


The United States and its European allies have security and economic
interests riding on the ultimate answer. Indeed, Washington badly
wants NATO member Turkey, the site of air bases for bombing raids
against Iraq and a transit route for new Caspian Sea oil supplies,
to cement its pro-Western status by one day joining the EU.

Now, amid a debilitating financial crisis, Turkey is beginning
to implement a 738-page reform plan designed to transform this
flawed republic into a model European state. Many Europeans remain
skeptical. But if Turkey's European dream were permanently frustrated,
the secular government in Ankara could tilt toward an Islamic
fundamentalism that would undermine U.S. interests along a volatile
arc running from the Balkans to the Middle East.

"Turkey is strategically the most important country in Europe,"
says Gunter Verheugen, the EU official overseeing expansion. "It
would be a terrible mistake to lose Turkey."

Turkey has a long list of shortcomings to overcome. The military
exercises too much influence over politics. The economy is distorted
by a "crony capitalism" that enriches allies of top politicians
at the expense of the public. The electoral system is characterized
by weak institutions and powerful political bosses, who run their
parties as virtual fiefdoms.

Perhaps most disqualifying is the country's spotty human rights
record, the shortcomings of which are easily seen in this regional
capital about 450 miles southeast of Ankara. Deputy Prime Minister
Mesut Yilmaz once famously highlighted the need for reform here
by declaring, "The road to the EU passes through Diyarbakir."

Enlargement of the 15-nation EU to include the formerly communist
nations of Central Europe, now expected by 2004, will radically
change the United States' chief political ally and economic rival.
But those changes would pale alongside the consequences of admitting
Turkey, which stands at the end of a long line of EU aspirants.

Sheer size is one reason for caution: With more than 65 million
people, Turkey would be Europe's second-most-populous state, after
Germany. Even as Europe faces a looming labor shortage, some Europeans,
especially Germans, worry about a flood of low-wage Turks undercutting
native workers. With 46% of its people still depending on the
soil for a living, extending EU agricultural subsidies to Turkey
could swamp the union's already swollen budget. Plus, Turkey would
be the EU's first Muslim nation, a breakthrough some Europeans
welcome and others fear.

EU aspirants expected to be in the first wave of expansion, such
as Poland, Hungary and the Czech Republic, overcame formidable
challenges in scrapping communism and building free-market democracies.
The transformation required to make Turkey fully "European"
will be even more daunting.

The post-communist countries had been part of "Europe" for centuries
before the Iron Curtain descended at the end of World War II.
After the Berlin Wall fell in 1989, Poles, Hungarians and Czechs
were happy to discard the communist ideology of their Soviet oppressors.

Turkey, however, is the successor to the Ottoman Empire, whose
Muslim armies warred with Christian Europe for several centuries.
The nationalist ideology of Kemal Ataturk (1880-1938), the founder
of modern Turkey, remains virtually unquestioned. Meeting EU standards
does not mean "taking the past Turkey and grinding it down in
the garbage disposal," Foreign Ministry Undersecretary Faruk
Logoglu warns.

Some Turkish officials hope that by making economic and political
restructuring unavoidable, the current financial crisis could
accelerate progress toward the distant European goal. "The things
we should be doing for full (EU) membership are things we should
do anyway for ourselves," says Volkan Vural, responsible for
coordinating the government's bid for EU membership.

This impoverished southeastern city of 2 million is the epicenter
of a Kurdish separatist conflict that has claimed more than 30,000
lives in the past 15 years. Kurds are the world's largest ethnic
group without a state. There are 25 million Kurds spread across
Turkey, northern Iraq and Iran.

The political climate here has improved over the past two years
while the fighters of the Kurdistan Workers Party, or PKK, have
observed a cease-fire. People now stay out on the dusty streets
after dark, browsing the sidewalk markets or praying at one of
the many local mosques.

Official repression hasn't stopped with the cessation of fighting.
The local office of the Human Rights Foundation of Turkey recorded
128 complaints of torture last year, up from 73 the year before.
Victims are those typically suspected of supporting the PKK's
efforts to secure a Kurdish state. Three years ago, journalist
Mehmet Eren was among them.

Accused of sympathizing with the PKK, Eren was beaten repeatedly
by security officials, stripped and threatened with rape. When
he refused to denounce rebel leaders during a 10-day detention,
his testicles were crushed and he was forced to listen to recorded
screams of what he assumed were other torture victims. "They
were beating me all the time.  . . . The 10 days were like
a lifetime," says Eren, who appears a decade older than his 37
years.

His travails are the subject of a case he brought against the
Turkish government now before the European Court of Human Rights.

City governor A. Cemil Serhatli insists there has been no torture
since he assumed his post 17 months ago. But Serhatli concedes
that he rebuffed a local prosecutor in 1999 who recommended pressing
torture charges against security officials in 33 cases.

How Ankara treats people here who regard themselves as Kurdish
citizens of Turkey -- and not Turks -- is seen as a key test of
the country's willingness to conform to European practices. So
far, the government continues to refuse demands for Kurdish-language
television broadcasts and newspapers. Some locals are afraid to
even discuss politics with a foreigner.

In Ankara, officials insist the government will take its first
steps toward reform, widening freedom of expression and providing
constitutional guarantees for non-governmental organizations,
by the end of June. But in Diyarbakir, human rights workers say
hard-liners will try to provoke a renewed crisis to justify continued
repression.

"They are trying to convince the people they are on their way
to the EU," Eren says. "They are lying to themselves and the
West and to their own people."

TEXT WITHIN GRAPHIC BEGINS HERE

Turkey

Area: 300,950 square miles, slightly larger than Texas

Population: 65.7 million (July 2000)

Ethnic groups: 80% Turkish, 20% Kurdish

Religions: 99.8% Muslim, 0.2% Christian and Jewish

Government: Republican parliamentary democracy. The president
is chief of state and is elected by the National Assembly to a
seven-year term. The president selects the prime minister, who
is the head of government.

Legal system: Derrived from various European legal systems

Economy

Per capita GDP (1999)
Turkey$6,200
USA$33,900
Unemployment rate (1999)
Turkey7.3% (1)
USA4.3%

1 - Plus underemployment of 6.9%

External debt: $ 104 billion (1999)

Military manpower (2000): 11.2 million (fit for military service)

Industries: Textiles, food processing, autos, mining (coal, chromite,
copper, boron), steel, petroleum, construction, lumber, paper.

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Adrienne Lewis, USA TODAY, Source: CIA World Factbook,
2000 (BAR GRAPH, PIE CHART, MAP); PHOTO, B/W, Murad Sezer, AP; Sample of future?
A store sells satellite dishes and other electronics in impoverished Diyarbakir,
Turkey.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              60 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     July 19, 2001, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Witnesses: Blame 'the club' for FBI debacles

BYLINE: Toni Locy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 652 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- A small group of senior FBI executives who protect
one another at all costs, resist change and retaliate against
anyone who challenges them is to blame for the agency's recent
debacles, current and former bureau officials told the Senate
Judiciary Committee on Wednesday.

Known as "the club" by agents in the field, these executives
-- who were not identified during Wednesday's hearing -- rule
the FBI through petty office politics and derail the careers of
anyone who investigates one of their pals, witnesses told the
Senate panel.

The witnesses said the managers set a bad example on accountability,
leading to the FBI's recent failure to keep track of 449 guns
and 184 laptop computers. A federal audit released Tuesday indicated
that at least one of the missing laptops carried classified information
related to two closed cases.


The senior FBI executives' actions have created a climate of cynicism
within the bureau that has discouraged promising agents from going
into management, said John Werner, a retired agent who now is
in private business.

"The rank-and-file employees are hitting on all cylinders,"
Werner told the senators. But they are "frustrated over the inefficiencies
of management, broken or non-existent information systems and
concerns over being held to higher standards than senior management."

The FBI would not comment on the allegations.

FBI agent Patrick Kiernan, who heads a unit that provides ethics
training, testified that he has been scorned for a report he did
in 1999 that documented inconsistent disciplinary standards that
allowed top managers to be treated less harshly than underlings.

"It's not easy battling people in your own organization on issues
of 'doing the right thing,' " he said.

Other witnesses said the senior executives, by resisting change,
have hamstrung the FBI's technological capabilities. Critics have
said that former FBI director Louis Freeh paid too much attention
to expanding the bureau's presence around the world while ignoring
management problems.

"Fundamentally, at the dawn of the 21st century, the FBI is asking
its agents and support personnel to do their jobs without the
tools other companies use, or that you or I would use at home,"
said Bob Dies, a former IBM executive who joined the FBI a year
ago to improve its computer systems.

Kenneth Senser, a CIA official loaned to the FBI to oversee efforts
to improve its internal security measures, said that revamping
the FBI will take time.

By failing to make technology a priority, Dies said, the FBI was
unable to detect a traitor in its ranks such as convicted spy
Robert Hanssen, a veteran agent who exploited holes in the bureau's
security systems and sold secrets to Moscow for at least 15 years.

The hearing was the second in a series that committee Chairman
Patrick Leahy, D-Vt., plans to hold on the FBI. The hearings have
highlighted several embarrassments, dating from the FBI's actions
during a fatal confrontation in 1992 with white separatists at
Ruby Ridge, Idaho, to its delay in turning over thousands of pages
of documents in the Oklahoma City bombing case.

Leahy said he is especially troubled by the revelations this week
about the missing laptops. "You would think after the total fiasco
of the FBI's handling of the Hanssen matter that they would have
learned," he said.

Senators from both parties called on Robert Mueller, President
Bush's choice for FBI director, to move aggressively to improve
the bureau.

Sen. Orrin Hatch, R-Utah, said that amid all the criticism, he
felt it necessary to defend Freeh, who had a good relationship
with lawmakers and received huge increases in FBI funding.

Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill., wasn't as complimentary. "The FBI has
not been starved for funds," he said. "The FBI has been starved
for leadership."

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Agence France-Presse; Dies: FBI way behind in technology.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              62 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 2, 2001, Thursday, FIRST EDITION

Death rocks football world

BYLINE: Gary Mihoces

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1645 words

Grief shattered the National Football League's training camp routine Wednesday
when one of the league's top players died about 15 hours after working out in
the withering heat of a Minnesota morning.

Players, coaches and fans awoke to the news that Minnesota Vikings Pro Bowl
offensive lineman Korey Stringer, described by Vikings coach Dennis Green as "a
brother, a teammate and a friend," had died.

In Mankato, Minn., Vikings coaches roused players at 6 a.m. to tell them
individually. They gathered to pray. Later, during a nationally televised news
conference, star wide receiver Randy Moss, his cap pulled over his eyes, groped
for words. Then he broke down sobbing.


"I don't know where to start," said Moss, who had been at the hospital in
Mankato. "I don't even know how and when I'm going to get over this."

Stringer, 27, stood 6-4 and weighed at least 330 pounds. He was rushed to
Immanuel St. Joseph's Hospital on Tuesday with what the team described as
"complications from heatstroke."

"All of us in the NFL family are stunned and saddened," Commissioner Paul
Tagliabue said in a statement.

Said Green, "Right now our focus is totally on Korey and his family.  . . .  We
have lost a young man, 27 years old, and we're going to miss him."

The fatality, a week after an incoming freshman football player at the
University of Florida died of what a medical examiner determined to be
heatstroke, renews focus on the potentially deadly combination of rugged
football training and hot, humid weather.

A full report on Stringer's death is pending. Eighteen deaths from heatstroke
have been reported in high school and college football since 1995, according to
the University of North Carolina's National Center for Catastrophic Sports
Injury Research.

What once was considered a problem that had been understood and managed -- the
days of banning water during practice are long gone -- appears to have fatally
struck the NFL for the first time in its 82-year history.

It also raises questions. With many players, even at the high school level,
weighing more than 300 pounds, are heat hazards raised? What are the
responsibilities of trainers, coaches, physicians and the athletes themselves
when players push themselves to the max? And how could Stringer perish amid an
NFL team's professional training and medical support system?

"I thought it was a problem solved, too.  . . .  It's disturbing to me because
it should be a preventable illness," said William Roberts of White Bear Lake,
Minn., medical director of the Twin Cities Marathon and an authority on
heat-related illness.

Huge bodies susceptible

Roberts, who had no involvement in Stringer's case, said that in the late 1980s
and early '90s there were some years with no heatstroke deaths in football. Then
there were five in 1995, which had a hot summer.

The Midwestern Regional Climate Center says the temperature in Mankato at 11:55
a.m. Tuesday was 88 degrees, and the heat index -- a measure of heat and
humidity -- was 103 degrees.

"It's hot conditions like this that get you in trouble," Roberts said.

The body cools itself by sweating. Contrary to what a layman might think,
Roberts said the body doesn't perspire as much in humid conditions because
perspiration outside the body can't evaporate.

Football equipment doesn't help. Neither, Roberts said, does having a massive
body.

"A big guy like Korey Stringer, who has a lot of muscle mass, makes a lot of
heat. He's also carrying probably a thicker fat layer around his belly and his
trunk. So he's got even more insulation, and it's even harder to get rid of the
heat, even in good conditions," he said.

"I think a lot of it comes when you have hard-driving athletes who push
themselves too hard in hot conditions.  . . .  When your body temperature rises
above the critical level, somewhere in the 104-106 range, things start to go
wrong," Roberts said.

The Vikings said Stringer had a "core" temperature above 108 degrees when he
arrived at the hospital.

Roberts said warning signs include confusion, a glazed look in the eyes and ashy
skin. Just because a player is covered with sweat doesn't mean he is safe.

"They don't get dry until the brain quits completely," Roberts said. "If you
stop sweating, you should have been to the hospital a long time ago."

In 1979, tight end J.V. Cain of the NFL's St. Louis Cardinals died during camp.
In 1971, Detroit Lions wide receiver Chuck Hughes died during a game against the
Chicago Bears. Both deaths were attributed to heart attacks. Before Wednesday,
no other NFL players had died in camps or games.

Teams take precautions

At NFL camps, there typically are water stations all over the practice fields,
with squirt hoses so players can get as much as they want.

"When you look at all of the teams that practice, every one of them takes
precautions," New York Jets coach and former NFL player Herman Edwards said
Wednesday.

Carolina coach George Seifert decided before this summer that his team would
hold more night practices at its camp in Spartanburg, S.C., seven instead the
two it held last year.

At the start of the Baltimore Ravens' camp, trainer Bill Tessendorf counseled
players on coping with heat, from what to eat and drink to warning signs such as
nausea and dizziness.

Said Ravens coach Brian Billick, "Every team in the NFL has the best doctors,
the best trainers and is monitoring them constantly."

Tagliabue said the same. "However, we now will ensure that our clubs again
review their policies and procedures in this area," he said in his statement.

Elliot Pellman, chairman of the Jets' medical department, said, "Speaking for
the Jets, I'm not sure we can do more than we're doing.  . . .  I'm always
concerned about it."

Whatever steps teams take, players will push themselves to win roster spots and
starting jobs.

"Show me a football player who takes himself out of practice, and I'll show you
a player who is probably not going to stay long in the league," said ESPN
Radio's Mike Golic, a former NFL player. "His mind is telling his body, 'I can
get through this,' and his body is saying, 'Stop! Stop!' "

Roberts said, "The cheetah, fastest animal on Earth, sneaks up on its prey and
runs really hard. But as soon as its brain temperature reaches a certain level,
it just falls over and quits because it's brain won't let it go past a certain
temperature." Humans, he said, "don't have that override.  . . .  It's the
individual athlete monitoring himself, the athletes monitoring each other and
the coaches and trainers monitoring the athletes."

A Vikings spokesman confirmed that Stringer vomited several times during
practice Monday and Tuesday. After the morning practice Tuesday, he went to an
air-conditioned shelter, where he developed "weakness and rapid breathing,"
according to a Vikings statement.

The Vikings said that within five minutes, Stringer was rushed to the hospital
and developed "multiple system" failure. The Vikings said he lost consciousness
"and despite all efforts his heart failed at 1:50 a.m. (CT)."

'An act of God'

Billick coached Stringer as an assistant with the Vikings.

"There are going to be those who are going to try to point to somebody in that
organization, the doctors or somebody, to say they were negligent," Billick
said. "It just isn't so.  . . .  This is just an act of God."

Billick said Stringer had dealt with the heat before. "And his weight, that's
something he's dealt with his entire life. I'm confident, when it's all said and
done, it was one of those unavoidable things that just happened.  . . .  It's
sad," he said.

Said Vikings wide receiver Cris Carter: "It's hot everywhere. That's why they
call it the dog days of summer. You just have to realize that everything in life
there's no explanation for. There are certain things we just cannot explain to
you."

Carter recalled being consoled by Stringer after a loss last season.

"I remember him being there, just holding me," Carter said. "I remember him
bringing his little boy to the facility and playing catch with him."

Stringer is survived by his wife, Kelci, and his 3-year-old son, Kodie.

"The only thing I've been thinking about for the last 24 hours was if he does
die, what's going to happen to his son?" Moss said.

After the entire team learned of Stringer's death, players and coaches prayed
with the team chaplain.

"Some of the guys had a chance to talk about their feelings and emotions for
Korey," Green said.

At the Jets' camp, wide receiver Matthew Hatchette, a teammate of Stringer's
last year in Minnesota, remembered him as a person who always was upbeat and
joking: "I kind of wished he'd be a comedian one day because he always had
everybody laughing,. I wish I could have spent more time with him and had more
jokes."

Ravens owner Art Modell has offered his private jet to Billick and others
members of the Ravens organization who played with, or coached, Stringer to
attend his funeral.

Don't expect change

"I think when all is said and done, it will be looked at as an isolated
incident, obviously a tragic one," Golic said. "I don't see how it's going to
change. Players are not going to pull themselves off the field. In the
beginning, coaches may back off, but in time it will be business as usual."

The Vikings didn't practice Wednesday. A public scrimmage set for Friday was
canceled. There are two workouts scheduled for today.

Contributing: Tom Pedulla in Hempstead, N.Y.; Jarrett Bell in Westminster, Md.;
Larry Weisman in Mankato, Minn.

***

Contributing: Tom Pedulla in Hempstead, N.Y.; Jarrett Bell in Westminster, Md.;
Larry Weisman in Mankato, Minn.

LOAD-DATE: August 02, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Tim Olmscheid, AP; PHOTOS, B/W, Carlos Gonzalez, The
(Minneapolis) Star Tribune, via AP (2); Korey Stringer: A Pro Bowl tackle for
the Vikings. <>During practice Monday: Korey Stringer tries to catch his breath
at camp. He reportedly vomited Monday and Tuesday while training. <>Emotional
time: Vikings coach Dennis Green is consoled by receiver Randy Moss while
addressing the media Wednesday.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              64 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 13, 2001, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Middle East violence, Arab nations' anger restrict U.S. options on Iraq

BYLINE: Bill Nichols and Andrea Stone

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 467 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- As Israel was hit by another suicide bombing Sunday,
administration officials worried that continuing violence in the Middle East and
mounting anger in the Arab world could limit U.S. policy options toward Iraq.

President Bush and his foreign policy team have been concerned for months about
Iraqi anti-aircraft units trying to shoot down U.S. and British pilots
patrolling the no-fly zone in southern Iraq.

Those concerns led to a raid Friday by allied warplanes against Iraqi targets,
the largest attack against Iraq since February. The official Iraqi News Agency
said the attack killed one person and wounded 11.


The administration has been discussing a beefed-up policy toward Iraq since
Baghdad almost shot down a U.S. U-2 spy plane last month. But any significant
change in U.S. policy, whether it is stepped-up airstrikes against Iraq or
increased aid for Iraqi opposition groups, would need support from Arab
governments.

Administration officials say that kind of support is hard to imagine in the
current climate, in which many Arab governments are urging Washington to become
more involved in the Middle East and be more critical of Israel.

Experts say that even the timing of Friday's raid indicated the sensitive nature
of the administration's dilemma. Coming one day after a suicide bombing that
killed 15 people and wounded about 100 at a pizzeria in Jerusalem, the timing
was "opportune, because there wasn't the kind of hot, anti-Israel attitude that
translates sometimes into animus against the United States," says Patrick
Clawson, director of research at the Washington Institute for Near East Policy.

"If this strike had come the day after the Israelis made a large strike that
killed kids, people would say the Americans are as bad as the Israelis," he
says.

The administration already suffered a diplomatic setback on Iraq earlier this
year, when the United Nations Security Council spurned a U.S.-British proposal
to toughen U.N. sanctions on military imports to Iraq, while increasing access
to civilian goods.

Bush's foreign policy advisers thus far have endorsed no alternative to current
U.S. policy in the Middle East. That strategy is to insist that only Israelis
and Palestinians can end the violence.

Once the violence lessens, Bush administration officials have said, they are
ready to help implement steps outlined in a peace plan set out by an
international committee chaired by former U.S. senator George Mitchell.

White House chief of staff Andy Card indicated that no change in U.S. policy is
expected now. "We want to get to the Mitchell plan so that it can be
implemented," Card said on Fox News Sunday. "But it cannot be implemented if
there's this much violence on both sides."

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              75 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 26, 2001, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Survivor: Class of 2001 Can the Outback edition surpass last year's island? The
stakes are high for CBS on Thursday nights

BYLINE: Gary Levin

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 1294 words


A bumpy ride in an old Caribou transport plane leaves some contestants
airsick. After a hard landing in the hardscrabble Australian outback,
16 new faces leap single file from the plane's belly, grab whatever
provisions they can carry, hike for miles through rugged bush,
then swim across a river infested with crocodiles to reach their
home for the next 42 days.

 So begins the second run of Survivor, last year's
biggest TV phenomenon, which is promised a super-sized launch
after Sunday's Super Bowl on CBS.

But will the outback yield the same magic as Pulau Tiga did last
summer, when many of the finale's 52 million viewers were shocked
to see conniving Richard Hatch win the $ 1 million prize? Or has
the novelty already worn off, compounded by the predictable parade
of other reality fare like The Mole and Temptation Island?

And does the unceasing media frenzy -- far exceeding pre-premiere
attention last spring -- run the risk of backfiring on the network?
Host Jeff Probst concedes, "It's a little nerve-racking even
for me. I see promos for Survivor and think, 'Are we hyping
it too much?' "

Any viewers expecting a reinvention of the reality show will
be disappointed. CBS and producer Mark Burnett have wisely chosen
not to mess with a winning formula: The two "tribes," hard-fought
challenges for rewards or immunity from expulsion, and the climactic
tribal councils where one contestant is voted out each week.


What have changed are the details --the cast, their food and climate
-- and the strategy, since every contestant knows how to play.

An obsession with protecting the identity of the ultimate winner
-- after failed attempts to unmask Richard -- also led producers
to delay the outcome.

It's believed that neither the cast nor crew knows which of two
finalists won the last tribal council vote -- and the $ 1 million
prize. The final tally could be revealed in a portion of the final
episode, to be broadcast live on April 26.

The stakes are similarly high for CBS. Hordes of young viewers
who watched Survivor last summer didn't stick around for
fall, and the network's ratings are down from last year. But CBS
will rake in more than $ 100 million in ad money, and it now sees
a chance to significantly boost its standing during the regular
TV season, when ratings count for more than bragging rights.

The battle for Thursday

In a bold move, Survivor will air Thursdays at 8 ET/PT
starting next week -- challenging top comedy Friends --
and will follow it with CSI: Crime Scene Investigation,
this season's most-watched new drama.

Some observers -- and even CBS, which is trying to diminish expectations
to avoid a backlash -- believe Survivor 2's ratings won't
rival summer's peak. NBC will expand Friends to 40 minutes
for four weeks next month, and plans other stunts to blunt Survivor's
impact.

CBS Television President Leslie Moonves says shifting Survivor
to Thursdays was "not an anti-NBC move" but merely an attempt
to shore up his network's weakest night. But advertisers fear
the show will suffer even if CBS gains.

"I understand their motivation for trying to build ratings on
Thursday," says media buyer Chris Geraci of OMD/BBDO, which has
secured sponsorships for four of nine advertisers, "but I'm disappointed
they're limiting the potential for the show by placing it against
what is still a really strong Friends."

But no one's betting against Survivor's potency, including
the network that stands to be hurt most. "I think Survivor's
going to be huge," says NBC Entertainment President Jeff Zucker.
"I think it's a good show and it has momentum."

Here's what viewers will find Sunday (10 ET/PT, time approximate):

* The Australian outback is visually very different from
the island setting off the coast of Borneo in Malaysia. Eucalyptus
forests, outback desert and a winding river replace the more junglelike
setting. The climate is less tropical but more extreme, with dry,
intense heat in early episodes followed by monsoons later.

* The Kucha and Ogakor tribes (loosely, Aboriginal words
for kangaroo and crocodile) are camped four miles apart, farther
than the Tagi and Pagong groups in the first Survivor.
Both are equidistant from the tribal council, set on a bluff overlooking
the Herbert River Falls.

* The contestants are new but no longer naive: Burnett
had 49,000 applicants to choose from, an eightfold increase from
the first go-round, and selected a generally more attractive and
buff group. The oldest, teacher Rodger Bingham, is 53 (Rudy was
72), but there's a more even mix of ages, with more players in
their 30s and 40s.

* The flora and fauna have changed: Snakes still abound
(though more are poisonous), but there are deadly spiders, giant
lizards and emus, poisonous berries and mushrooms. Instead of
jungle rats, barbecued in Borneo when food grew scarce, hungry
outback contestants sought feral pigs (they were forbidden to
hunt protected species like dingo and kangaroo).

* And the challenges are new, although some will seem familiar:
Last summer's gross-out highlight, the squirming larvae-eating
challenge, is rivaled when the Australian cast is asked to eat
cow's brains and intestines, an Aboriginal delicacy. In a "Butch
Cassidy" contest inspired by the 1969 film, they also must jump
off a steep cliff into a waterfall and retrieve objects.

Strategy comes first

But the focus -- alliances, manipulation and psychodrama -- is
irretrievably altered, because every contestant has studied up.

In the first season, Probst says, "everyone was a virgin." Now,
"it's different from the beginning, because everyone understands
certain tenets: You'd better align yourselves, and you'd better
contribute."

"There's no question this group was more strategic and therefore
scheming," Probst says. "From the moment they were selected,
they all had game plans. That doesn't mean all are malicious or
duplicitous, but that was different from Game 1, where a few people
were prepared but some didn't know what was going on for four
or five weeks, and by then it was too late."

The new castaways endlessly discussed their Survivor predecessors'
strategies and mistakes, although none of those references will
be seen in the new show. ("The last thing we want to do is be
living in the past," says Burnett).

Yet even as they discussed them, many never took those lessons
to heart: "You would think that (they) would be much more guarded
about the way (they) relate to other people, like playing poker
better. And it was just amazing," Burnett says. "They didn't."

Other changes are visual: As Survivor's success brought
an advertising windfall, with sponsors paying $ 12 million each,
three times the rate from last summer, the show's production budget
jumped by half, to $ 17.5 million. That bought a larger crew of
230, more accommodations for them, more cameras and more aerial
footage.

As Probst fears, the attention could provoke a quicker backlash,
especially if Survivor doesn't live up to viewers' lofty
expectations.

However, Syracuse University pop-culture professor Robert Thompson
says that after a "long detox period," viewers may be primed
for a Survivor fix, particularly if the sequel offers something
different.

"Now that we've had a taste of Big Brother, and now that
we've had a taste of Temptation Island and The Mole
-- which were too boring, not salacious enough and too confusing,
respectively -- Survivor looks more like Shakespeare. Their
toughest act to follow is going to be themselves."

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Julie Snider, USA TODAY (Photo Illustration); GRAPHIC,
B/W, Frank Pompa, USA TODAY (Map); PHOTOS, Color (16); PHOTO, Color, Leslie
Smith Jr., USA TODAY; PHOTO, B/W, Monty Brinton, CBS; Backgammon: Mitchell and
Amber play one of the friendlier contests on Survivor. The second series
launches Sunday after the Super Bowl.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              76 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 1, 2001, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Warm and fuzzy advice for energy-strapped California

BYLINE: Ben Stein

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 1254 words


When I was a child, I often complained that our house in Maryland
was too cold in the winter. My father would usually say, "Wear
a sweater."

It made me angry, because it was so much easier to just twirl
the thermostat than to actually go to all of the trouble of walking
into my bedroom, reaching for a sweater and putting it on. But
I usually did it, and sure enough, the house did not seem as cold
any longer.


This has been coming into my mind a great deal lately as I, along
with 33 million other Californians, face our electricity crisis.
I keep thinking that we got into this crisis because our elected
officials told us all that we did not need to put on a sweater,
that we could use all of the electricity (and water and gasoline
and natural gas) we wanted. We lacked the discipline to do even
a tiny bit of self-disciplining in our energy consumption, and
our officials made it seem as if there were no price to pay for
indiscipline. Now we have power shortages.

We did not discipline ourselves by using less, and we certainly
did not discipline ourselves through the market by paying a market
rate for power, and again, now people are getting stuck in elevators.

So now we have grand plans for the state to put power generation
under its control (surely one of the stupidest ideas of all time,
as the state got us into this mess with its wacky ideas of fake
deregulation) and major plans for bond issuance and buying power
from other states, Canada and Mexico.

Turn it off

What I keep thinking is: Let's put on a sweater. Let's conserve
by dressing warmly indoors, by doing the sensible things that
are so incredibly easy to do in conservation, but rarely seem
to get done. Just for instance, why keep the monitors on when
we're not using the computer? The monitor uses the vast majority
of a PC's power, and why on earth does it have to be on when we're
out of computer-using range? Is it really too much trouble to
flick a switch off and then on?

Or why do we need to have TVs going when we are not in the room?
I almost never go into a home or office here where a TV is not
running, watched or not. Why? What could be purer waste? And how
many of us do the very obvious act of turning off all of the lights
when we leave a room?

Here in Los Angeles, it's warm in the day even in winter, but
why does air conditioning have to be blasting away so that we
are frozen? In my studio, the air conditioning is often set so
low that we have to turn on electric heaters, even with sweaters
on, just to keep from turning to ice. Why?

And why do offices need to be lit up at night? You would think
that once the cleanup crew had passed by, lights could go out.
No way. Lights blaze at night all over town in empty rooms.

Just a little could be a lot

I keep thinking that if everyone in this state just conserved
by not using appliances when no one was nearby to need TV or light
or heat or cold, we would make a giant stride toward getting through
the bad days.

And while we're at it, why not take conservation seriously as
a way to delay global warming or even reverse it? Why do we need
to have our car engines running for a half-hour when we wait outside
someone's house?

Why do we need to have our pools heated all year long when no
one is using them? Most of all, why do we need a 6,000-pound vehicle
with a 300-horsepower engine to carry a 100-pound high school
girl to buy nail polish, or a 200-pound man to buy a pack of cigarettes?

Surely the waste of fossil fuels to transport slabs of steel,
iron and glass bearing one ordinary person is insane. If we cannot
bring ourselves as a society to mandate what cars people drive
(and we shouldn't), then maybe as individuals we can show some
sense so the polar ice caps don't melt.

Put on a sweater. People and nations do it -- self-discipline
-- all the time in war. Now we face something maddening and serious
in the state of California for a short while and a life-threatening
global crisis of climate in the long run, and if we cannot show
individual self-discipline, we may indeed be in for a global conflict
over shrinking water, fuel and arable land supplies. Might it
not be easier to put on a sweater right now?

Ben Stein, an actor and economist, is host of Comedy Central's
Turn Ben Stein On and Win Ben Stein's Money and
a member of USA TODAY's board of contributors.

LOAD-DATE: February 01, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              80 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 2, 2001, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Peppy 2001 Outback mixes good, mediocre

BYLINE: James R. Healey

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 12D

LENGTH: 1642 words


Not even time for the Starbucks routine today. Fuel the car, instead
of the driver.

Great. Some idiot in a Toyota Tercel hogs the only gas pump without
a long line. He's inside the car, yammering on the cellphone,
no hose in the tank and no plan either to gas and go, or move
so the rest of us can.

Maybe a little nudge from the Subaru test car . . . Nah.
Cross the street, pay a dime a gallon more, get back underway.

Except that the woman in the Volvo V40 is chugging along about
10 miles an hour less than the speed limit, stacking up traffic
behind her.

Road finally widens. Clear sailing. Arrrgh. Cabbie in a Ford Crown
Victoria brakes several times every block. No reason: No cars
ahead, no addresses to seek on this barren stretch. OK, an opening.
Nail the gas. Arouse the new six-cylinder engine. Room to move.
Yes.

The styling remains overwrought. The wood trim is phony. The back
seat could be easier to fold. The rear-window wiper has only one
speed and that's too slow. But, by golly, the Subaru Outback finally
has some power. And when you've had a commute like that, a cleansing
burst is good tonic.

Mercy, though, Subaru wants a lot of money for that ability, $ 32,000-plus
for the top model.

The six-cylinder scoot is the first alternative to four-bangers
since the fast, strange, six-cylinder Subaru SVX sports coupe
was discontinued in 1997.

The 3-liter six is available only in two high-end models: Outback
H6-3.0 VDC, and Outback H6-3.0 L.L.Bean Edition.

The test car was the VDC, top of Subaru's line: $ 32,290. VDC stands
for Vehicle Dynamics Control, an amalgam of antiskid stability
control, electronic traction control system, (TRACS), all-wheel
drive (AWD) with variable torque distribution (VTD), and antilock
brake system. (ABS).

The Bean buggy, decked out with the outdoor-gear purveyor's logos
and trim, is $ 29,990. It has a different all-wheel-drive system
and lacks the array of suspension and drivetrain gadgets on the
VDC model. But it has the 212-horsepower six.

"We've moved more and more upscale every year. We're not marketing
inexpensive cars anymore," says Subaru spokesman Mike Whelan.
"Our buyers are extremely well-educated and, as such, appreciate
features like the McIntosh stereo and VTD."

McIntosh, still selling high-end audio gear, was the unattainable
hi-fi for lots of the baby boomers in the 1960s. The radio/cassette/CD/weather
band McIntosh stereo in the VDC model has the same big, square
look as the home units, the same old-fashioned script on the face
plate, and the same blue-green illumination (which clashes with
other lights on the dashboard).

The VDC model's selling point is that its overwhelming array of
handle-everything drive and suspension components lets you get
the most out of the car, no matter what. Lots of decked-out machines
make that claim, falsely. The Subaru seemed to deliver.

In normal driving on dry roads, the VDC model sends 45% of the
power to the front wheels, 55% to the rears. That gives a well-balanced,
rear-drive feel, which is sportier than the nose-heavy personality
of front-wheel-drive and front-biased four-wheel-drive.

When traction or cornering forces change, VDC/VTD/AWD/TRACS/ABS
tries to compensate, first by using the VTD to shift AWD power
fore or aft. If that isn't enough, the system calls TRACS, which
uses ABS to slow spinning wheels and divert power to those not
spinning. If that doesn't work, the system cuts fuel to the engine
to slow the vehicle until it's stable.

It's possible to get the Subaru to slow and even stop when you
prefer to go. But it's much harder to accomplish that perversity
than it is on, for example, BMW or Mercedes-Benz vehicles that
use traction control as a key part of their all-wheel drive.

Subaru's system shows that proper engineering can overcome the
civil war between all-wheel drive's "go" and antiskid/traction
control's "whoa" tendencies.

Assuming you don't spend all your time trying to get stuck just
to prove you can get going again, you probably wonder about the
wagon's other features. They're a mix of good and mediocre. Worst
first:

* Brakes: They stopped the car OK, but felt weak. The pedal
needed unusual force to haul the wagon down even from modest speed.

* Styling: Hardly a new gripe. The puffy look was old about
a week after it was launched and hasn't improved with age. Crisp,
clean, lean -- those attributes would wake up the Outback remarkably.

And gimcracks mar the car. Gold trim here, needless plastic cladding
there, fake wood scattered about. Contrast that with the elegance
of a Volvo XC or almost any Audi, and try to argue with a straight
face that Subaru's in the same luxury league.

Let's be clear: Outback's not ugly, just an aesthetic underachiever
-- undermining the price tag.

* Details: There's no retained power. Shut off the ignition
and you shut off the stereo and can't use the power accessories.

You have to remove balky rear headrests when folding the back
seat to its full-fledged, cargo-accommodating configuration.

The right temperature was hard to find and keep. Outside temperatures
during the test drive were in the 20s and 30s. Inside, 68 was
too hot, while 67 triggered the air conditioning.

The dashboard cup holder allows your coffee to tip and spill if
you don't seat the cup just so.

* Comfort: Outback's narrow by today's measure. You notice
when you try to squeeze your hand between the side of the seat
and the door panel to reach the power-seat controls. You notice
when you try to cram a third person in the middle of the back
seat.

However, the ride is smooth, the seats pleasant, and the noise
not bad. And thus we head into the car's better attributes.

* Pep: There is some, where once there was none. The six-cylinder
engine makes the Outback station wagon confident in demanding
situations, like making it back into your own lane in the face
of an oncoming truck. Or getting into that hole in traffic to
reach your exit. Or, perchance, just having fun.

The price, in fuel economy, isn't high. The four-cylinder wagon
with automatic transmission gets the same 27 miles per gallon
on the highway that the six does, and a modest 2 more in town
-- 22 mpg vs. 20.

* Shifting: Well done. A nicely tuned automatic gearbox
balks slightly on full-throttle downshifts, but otherwise slips
smoothly among gears.

* Handling: Agile, stable, sporty.

* Steering: Just dandy. Stays pointed straight ahead, without
fussing, when that's your intent. Turns smartly when you wish,
without slop or drama.

Exception: The test car's power steering kept clocking off the
job when the wheel was yanked hard at low speed, as when parking
in a tight spot. Needed most, it worked least.

* Personality: It lacks the well-integrated, up-to-date
presentation you'd like for the money, but it's sure easy to get
along with.

More aggressive brakes, cleaned-up styling and a re-think of interior
details would turn an OK car with desirable features into a gotta-buy-me-one
buggy. But at the moment, the fanciest Subaru doesn't quite seem
to belong in the neighborhood where it has moved.


2001 Outback H6-3.0 VDC

* What is it? Outback sport-utility wagon dressed to the
nines, powered by the first six-cylinder engine in a Subaru since
the SVX sports coupe was axed in 1997, and meant to compete with
European luxury brand sport-utility wagons. It's a four-door,
full-time all-wheel-drive (AWD), midsize station wagon.

 * How soon? On sale now.

 * How much? VDC is $ 31,895. Dealer invoice price is $ 28,839,
according to Edmunds.com. The six-cylinder also comes in the Outback
H6-3.0 L.L.Bean Edition, priced $ 29,495. Dealer invoice is $ 26,687,
says Edumunds.com. Dealer invoice includes extra profit called
holdback, equal to 3% of the sticker price.

Dealer pays an average 67.2% of sticker price for dealer- and
factory-installed options. Check Edmunds.com or other reliable
guides for specific option costs.

Figures above exclude $ 495 destination charge. There is no dealer
markup on destination charge, and it is not included when calculating
holdback.

Holdback amounts can be less in New York and nearby New Jersey
counties.

 * What do you get? VDC has 3-liter, six-cylinder engine
rated 212 horsepower, 210 pounds-feet of torque; four-speed automatic
transmission; Vehicle Dynamics Control (VDC), which includes full-time
AWD with Variable Torque Distribution (VTD), all-speed traction
control, electronic stability control; antilock brakes; automatic
climate control; side-impact air bags for front-seat occupants;
leather upholstery and trim; Momo mahogany and leather steering
wheel; McIntosh AM/FM/CD/cassette stereo with weather band; front
and rear power moonroofs; heated front seats; power steering,
brakes, windows, locks, mirrors, seats; outside mirror defrosters;
windshield wiper de-icer; variable-interval windshield wipers;
cruise control; tilt-adjustable steering column; fold-down rear
seat; remote-control locks; fog lights; 225/60R 16-inch-diameter
Firestone tires on alloy wheels.

 * How big?Slightly longer and taller than rival Volvo
XC, but several inches narrower. Outback H6-3.0 models are 187.4
inches long, 68.7 inches wide (78.2 inches including mirrors),
63.3 inches tall, on a 104.3-inch wheelbase. Cargo volume behind
rear seat is 34.3 cubic feet. With rear seat folded, 68.6. Minimum
ground clearance, 7.3 inches.

 * How brawny?Outback H6-3.0 wagons will carry 900 pounds
of people and cargo, tow 2,000 pounds.

 * How thirsty?Rated 20 mpg, town; 27, highway.

 * Overall:Nicely furnished, technically sophisticated,
peppy -- but underwhelming for the price.

LOAD-DATE: February 02, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color; PHOTO, Color, Subaru

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              81 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   February 7, 2001, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Highflying entrepreneurs landing with thud Dot-com fallout lowers respect,
available cash

BYLINE: Jim Hopkins

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 1100 words


As the economy sputters and dot-coms are deep-sixed, the USA is
struggling to keep pace with its recent record of extraordinary
entrepreneurship.

Signs of slippage:

* Declining respect: 76% of adults surveyed recently say
they respect entrepreneurs. That's down from 91% two years ago,
according to a report out today by researchers at Babson College
and the Kauffman Center for Entrepreneurial Leadership. The researchers
polled 2,000 adults in June and July.


That was after the technology-rich Nasdaq had lost more than a
third of its value from its March high. And researchers attribute
much of the public's changed attitude to the failure of many highflying
Internet companies and their young founders.

"I think it's a hangover from the dot-com boom and bust," says
Andrew Zacharakis, a professor of entrepreneurship at Babson in
Wellesley, Mass.

And now it's payback time. "The public never fully accepted the
arrogant 25-year-old Internet whizzes who bragged, with great
callousness, of blowing away national and international institutions,"
agrees Tom Stemberg, founder and CEO of Staples, the office supply
retailer. "Many people have enjoyed their comeuppance."

* Waning optimism: Only 52% of people surveyed see good
opportunities to start a business in the next 6 months. That is
down from 57% two years ago. Researchers say it's another sign
of the dot-com fallout.

* Less available capital: Venture capitalists invested
$ 19.6 billion in U.S. start-ups during the fourth quarter of last
year. That was down 23% from a year ago, the National Venture
Capital Association says.

Harder to succeed

Little of this surprises Craig Nabat. He founded Ambitious Ideas
in West Bloomfield, Mich., in 1993 to market an electronic gadget
that helps people find TV remote controls, car keys and other
easily lost items.

Last year, the public seemed so entranced with all things entrepreneurial
that Entrepreneur's Start-Ups magazine found a new angle,
naming Nabat one of the USA's 11 sexiest entrepreneurs and plastering
him on the cover. But Nabat, 30, who's poured $ 700,000 into his
company so far, now worries that banks are tightening credit requirements
and that the number of start-ups will fall in the new conservative
climate. "I think it's going to get harder and harder," he says.

The "Global Entrepreneurship Monitor" report is an update of
the original 1999 study. Both examined the relationship between
entrepreneurship and economic activity worldwide. The studies
were undertaken during a period of rapid economic expansion, with
much of the credit given to start-ups -- especially tech-related
start-ups.

Despite signs of slowing, U.S. start-up activity remains strong,
the report says. The nation ranks second in the world, behind
Brazil, in the percentage of adults starting businesses in the
21 nations studied.

Brazil's economy is highly dependent on agriculture. More than
28% of adult males work in the agricultural sector, which is significantly
higher than in the other countries studied. The report notes that
such agriculturally dependent economies create big entrepreneurial
sectors.

True risk-takers to continue

Experts have mixed opinions about the depth of the public's changed
view and its impact.

Kauffman Vice President Michael Camp says he thinks marginal start-ups
-- those without solid business plans -- will suffer first and
the most. Students who formerly might have bypassed graduate business
school for a dot-com, he adds, probably will now stay in school.

But the public's more realistic view of entrepreneurship won't
scare off teenagers -- the next generation of entrepreneurs --
from starting a business, says UCLA Professor Marilyn Kourilsky.
They'll move on to other fields, such as biotech, says Kourilsky,
who co-wrote the book The E-Generation from Kendall/Hunt
Publishing. It examines the role of education in preparing kids
for self-employment.

What's more, traditional start-ups in such businesses as carpet
installation and food service will continue to flourish. "It's
still a dream of many," says Stephen Bloom, head of the Atlanta
chapter of SCORE, an affiliate of the national non-profit that
counsels start-ups.

Indeed, experts say any decline in public respect for entrepreneurship
is part of the natural life cycle of high-profile businesses and
the people driving them.

Beginning in the 1970s and into the 1980s, the news media began
to focus more on business. That led to a new generation of corporate
superstars, such as Lee Iacocca, the former Chrysler CEO, and
Donald Trump, the real estate and casino mogul.

In the public's eye, the corporate chieftains who succeeded and
earned respect were those nimble enough to change with the times,
says Irving Rein, a professor of communication at Northwestern
University. "In the case of dot-com people, their venue eroded,"
Rein says.

And with that erosion went the stock prices of their start-ups
-- reminding the public, investors and would-be entrepreneurs
that "the fundamentals do work, after all," says Camp, of the
Kauffman center in Kansas City, Mo.

Dot-com woes aside, entrepreneur Nabat is plowing ahead with the
next generation of his Find It device, a gizmo that attaches to,
say, car keys. When you clap your hands, the device beeps, guiding
you to misplaced keys. Nabat sells Find It directly by mail. He
promotes it through TV infomercials now running in 15 markets
and on his company's Web site.

Commercial lenders, which traditionally don't bankroll start-ups,
haven't given him a rosy reception. So far, Nabat has financed
his venture mostly with loans from his parents.

Despite an appearance on home shopping cable channel QVC, and
the cover of Start-Ups magazine, Nabat never saw glory
days as an entrepreneur. "You have to be tough in order to survive,"
he says. "It takes a long, long time to build a company, and
the chances of failure are enormously high."


Start-up standings

Brazil leads much of the world in the percentage of adults starting
a business, according to a study of entrepreneurship in 21 nations:

Brazil        12.3%
USA 9.8%
Australia 8.1%
Canada 6.2%
Argentina 6.1%
Norway 5.5%
South Korea 5.3%
Germany 3.8%
India 3.5%
Italy 3.4%
Spain 3.2%
UK 3.1%
Denmark 3.0%
Israel 2.6%
Finland 1.9%
Sweden 1.9%
Singapore 1.5%
Belgium 1.4%
France 1.2%
Ireland 1.0%
Japan 0.9%

Source:"Global Entrepreneurship Monitor 2000"

LOAD-DATE: February 07, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Santa Fabio for USA TODAY; PHOTO, B/W, Peter Lennihan;
Feeling a bit of backlash: Craig Nabat can see that enthusiasm for entrepreneurs
has declined since he was on the cover of Entrepreneur's Start-Ups magazine last
year.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              82 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  February 21, 2001, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Alaska's road warriors Playing the game is the easiest part

BYLINE: Sal Ruibal

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 327 words

DATELINE: NINILCHIK, Alaska


NINILCHIK, Alaska -- When the Lady Wolverines go on the road,
anything can happen.

Last year, a team car struck a moose on the way to a game. The
huge animal walked away, but left half of his broad antlers spinning
on the highway.


Coach Dan Leman has the half-rack mounted in his home as reminder
of the dangers of travel in Alaska's Kenai Peninsula. So far this
winter, more than 100 moose have been hit on Kenai roads.

When this season is done, the team will have logged more than
3,000 miles by plane, boat and team van.

The climate can change quickly from rain to ice to blinding blizzards.
Before every trip, each player must show that she has a winter
coat, hat, gloves and boots.

The Alaska 2A champion Ninilchik Lady Wolverines have been a top-ranked
team for the last eight years, so the girls have a lot of experience
as road warriors.

Senior Jessica Russo says the key to survival is a good air mattress.

"Not the camping kind," she says. "You have to have the type
with a pump that you can plug in."

Sophomore Whitney Leman says the trick is "packing light."

That said, this is what she carries:

"In my ball bag goes the most important items -- shoes, dark
and light uniforms, warm-ups, team towel, sports bras, ankle braces,
extra socks and hair ties. Homework goes in that bag, also extra
pencils and, of course, your Walkman or CD player with accessories.

"In my suitcase: pants, T-shirts, long-sleeved shirts, sweatshirts,
tank tops to sleep in, shorts or pajama pants, underwear and socks
-- take twice as many as the days you'll be there.

"And then you have your hair dryer/curler, lotion, makeup (blush,
eyeliner, eyeshadow), Chapstick, hair ties/clips, toothbrush,
toothpaste, dental floss, face wash/astringent, cotton ball, Q-tips,
fingernail clippers, brush/pick/comb, shampoo/conditioner, body
wash, wash cloth, towels.

"Oh, and we always stay loaded with cash!"

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, B/W, Jack Gruber, USA TODAY (6); Nature's beauty: Snow-covered
peaks rise above the icy waters of Kachemak Bay near Homer, Alaska, where the
Ninilchik teams will board a ferry for games in Seldovia.  One more crossing:
Wobbly-legged coaches and players cross a floating, snow-covered dock after
rough seas forced their ferry, Rainbow Connection, to dock at Jakalof Bay.
Heading home: Girls assistant and former Lady Wolverine Kendra Nicholson leads
the team back to the ferry after their overnight trip. Sleep tight: A good air
mattress is key, senior Jessica Russo (20) says. "You have to have the type with
a pump that you can plug in." Center of attention: Maria Johnson, right, and her
teammates enjoy a moment with 5-month-old Hunter Hanson, the daughter of girls
junior varsity coach Chris Hanson.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              91 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 30, 2001, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Passat sparkles There's more to this 2001.5 VW than chrome

BYLINE: James R. Healey

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 10D

LENGTH: 1582 words


In a relentless -- quixotic? -- quest to equal Mercedes-Benz,
Volkswagen has given its Passat midsize sedan more sparkle and
a nose long enough to accommodate an 8-cylinder engine next spring.

The sparkle is literal. There's more chrome on what VW calls the
2001.5 Passat than on the elegant predecessor. Chrome is considered
upmarket, after all, and that's where VW wants to be.

And the sparkle is figurative, as well. The base engine, a 1.8-liter
turbocharged four-cylinder, gets 20 more horsepower (to 170 hp)
and 11 more pounds-feet of torque (to 166), and thereby goes like
stink, once you get rolling and the turbo's at work. It still
needs to clear its throat a bit as you move off idle when the
light changes to green.


Otherwise, the turbo four is smooth and powerful enough to trick
you, slinging the car to an easy 80 miles an hour before you think
to check the speedometer. It's comfy as a swaddled infant at such
speeds, and easily runs faster for those not nervous risking next
month's mortgage payment on speeding fines.

The optional 2.8-liter V-6 remains 190 hp, 206 lbs.-ft. It wasn't
as explosively exciting as the four-banger, but was smoother,
and fit the way more people drive.

The two test cars were a base GLS four-cylinder, manual transmission,
front-wheel-drive sedan, and a top-end GLX V-6, Tiptronic automatic
transmission station wagon with 4Motion, which is VW's version
of Audi's quattro all-wheel-drive (AWD) system.

The well-optioned four-cylinder sedan was priced at $ 25,805. The
top-dog wagon, about $ 34,000, brought the expected leather, CD
changer, real (thank you) wood trim, automated climate control,
high-wire acts, dancing troupes -- pretty much everything.

Both models were evidence that VW continues delivering unexpectedly
refined, luxurious, satisfying cars at premium, if not quite preposterous,
prices.

Let's detour briefly to note that the next two years will test
VW's pricing limits.

This summer, probably July, the '01.5 Passat gets a few more accessories
and becomes the '02 Passat, at an unspecified but presumably higher
price.

About a year from now, VW stuffs an oddball W8 engine into the
Passat and creates a $ 36,000, 250 horsepower (or more), early-launch,
'03 premium Passat. The W8 is two V-4s side-by-side, forming the
W that gives the engine its name.

Late next year or early '03, a much-discussed but still unnamed
sport-utility vehicle arrives. Don't be surprised if it's priced
near $ 40,000.

In '03, VW challenges the Mercedes S-class sedan with a big sedan
known within as D1. It will have a W-12 gasoline engine or a V-10
diesel and will be built on a newly designed platform, not derived
from any other VW. The Mercedes S-class starts at $ 71,000, and
VW is deadly serious about being a head-on rival.

The drift upscale on the part of the '01.5 Passat, you see, is
but a bare beginning.

At least Passat's price gets you good breeding.

Textures, fits, alignments, feel -- everything about the test
cars spoke of nobler purpose and high-minded execution. Small
touches reinforced that.

Cup holders, for instance, had springy fingers that adjusted to
different-size containers. The standard steering column tilted
and telescoped. Some cars give you neither standard, only one
or the other optional.

The trunk sill was covered with polished ribs, to help you scoot
heavy items in and out without wrecking trunk trim or snagging
Louis Vuitton bags. The trunk, a credible 15 cubic feet, seemed
larger. It's very deep, and the back seat folds to expand the
cargo area.

Even the lowly sun visor was special. The passenger's visor slid
along its metal arm so you could position it to block the sun,
instead of just hoping the sun shone where the visor happened
to be.

The front-wheel-drive sedan -- mechanically the base car, remember
-- had standard low-speed traction control that didn't try to
stop the car on slick roads, as traction control often does, when
you prefer to keep going. You got a little juking and jiving as
the front wheels gained and lost power, but mostly you got strong
forward progress.

For those who can't chance it, there's 4Motion. It's an AWD system
that normally sends 50% of the power to each end of the car and
can dispatch as much as 67% to either end, depending on traction
conditions. Because it keeps plenty of power at each end, it won't
leave you helpless momentarily on slick corners -- and thus, in
the ditch -- the way AWD systems do if they require wheel-spin
at one end before significant power goes to the other end.

AWD systems such as 4Motion also balance a car's handling on dry
pavement, eliminating the nose-heavy feel common on front-wheel-drive
cars.

The test wagon exhibited an irritating hyperactivity in the front
wheels. Minor steering wheel motion resulted in unexpectedly large
amounts of turning, for instance. And continuous tactile chatter
came through the steering wheel, presumably because 4Motion was
perpetually fine-tuning the front-rear power split.

VW uses Porsche's Tiptronic automatic transmission. Auto shifts
were smooth, if a bit slurred. Manual shifts were responsive.

The sedan's manual gearbox was agreeable but not outstanding.
Shifting between first and second gears, either up or down, required
finessing the transmission's balkiness. But the fat shift knob's
sinful feel and the turbo engine's hot-blooded reaction to being
in the right gear made it satisfying to stir the stick shift.

A sloppy-feeling front end undercut the sedan's tautness and sportiness.
The nose wasn't as eager to respond to the steering wheel as the
rest of the car's behavior made you expect. And that initial reluctance
was followed by unseemly suddenness.

The minor annoyances were enough to steal the sheer from joy.

Brakes, though, were just right. Quick, firm, confident and
confidence-inspiring.
Never touchy, just responsive. Most other car companies should
go to school on that, using Passat as teacher.

Inside, buttery leather was about as inviting as possible but
couldn't camouflage quirks:

* A console too small for CDs or anything else of much
size or girth.

* Center controls, accessories and console tunnel wide
enough to crowd a driver's right leg and foot.

* Seat-recline knobs nearly impossible to reach.

* VW-signature indigo and red lighting that was sublime
and pleasant, but mediocre at making gauges and controls legible.

Still, Passat time was well spent and clearly an upper-crust experience
compared with rivals.

VW as Mercedes-Benz? Nope, at least in the USA. VW as a cut above
its logical rivals? Absolutely.


2001.5 Volkswagen Passat

* What is it? Upscale freshening of what has become the
industry's benchmark midsize family car; available with front-
or all-wheel drive, as a four-door sedan or a station wagon.

 * How soon? On sale since mid-February.

 * How much? Base GLS front-wheel-drive sedan with 1.8-liter
four-cylinder engine and manual transmission has a suggested retail
price of $ 21,750. Dealer invoice is $ 19,790, according to Edmunds.com.
Dealer's actual cost is less because invoice includes extra profit
called holdback, equal to 2% of the base sticker price ($ 435 on
the base GLS), Edmunds.com reports.

Top-end GLX station wagon with 4Motion all-wheel drive, V-6 and
Tiptronic automatic transmission has a suggested retail price
of $ 32,750. Dealer invoice is $ 29,739, which includes 2% holdback
($ 655).

Prices and costs exclude $ 550 destination charge. There is no
dealer profit in destination. Destination is not included when
calculating holdback.

Typical model, according to Edmunds.com, is GLS front-wheel-drive
sedan with $ 1,897 in total options, including V-6 and automatic
transmission. Including destination charge, it has a window-sticker
price of $ 27,880, a dealer invoice cost of $ 25,433, and sells
for $ 26,773, Edmunds.com reports.

 * What's in it for me? Four-cylinder models have 1.8-liter,
turbocharged engine rated 170 horsepower, 166 pounds-feet of torque;
five-speed manual transmission and this standard equipment: anti-lock
brakes; traction control; seat-mounted, side-impact air bags for
front-seat occupants; side-curtain head-cushion air bags; air
conditioning; power steering, brakes, locks, windows, mirrors;
tilting and telescoping steering column; cruise control; remote-control
locks; outside-mirror defrosters; variable-interval windshield
wipers; fog lights; 195/65R-15 tires.

V-6 models have 2.8-liter V-6 engine rated 190 hp, 206 lbs.-ft.,
and wood interior trim.

 * How big?Sedan is 185.2 inches long, 68.7 inches wide,
57.6 inches tall, on a 106.4-inch wheelbase, with 15-cubic-foot
trunk. Wagon, surprisingly, is shorter, 184.3 inches; is the same
width and slightly taller, 59 inches. Wagon cargo space: 39 cubic
feet behind the back seat; 79.3 cubic feet with the back seat
folded (front-drive wagon), or 74.4 cubic feet (4Motion wagon).

 * How thirsty? Four-cylinder is rated 24 miles per gallon
in town, 31 mpg on the highway with manual transmission, 20/29
mpg with automatic. V-6 is 20/29 manual, 18/26 automatic. V-6,
4Motion, automatic is 17/24. mpg.

 * Overall:First-class execution of a flawed package; needs
smoother manual gearbox, crisper-shifting automatic, tauter front
suspension, more inside storage.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, Color (2)

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              95 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 8, 2001, Friday, FINAL EDITION
                              Correction Appended

Orbitz puts new spin on airfares Rules of online game: You better shop around

BYLINE: Laura Bly

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 8D

LENGTH: 1048 words


Orbitz, the airlines-owned Internet travel agency that rivals
once labeled Darth Vader, finally unsheathed its light saber this
week -- launching more than a year after backers boasted the site
would be a one-stop shop for the lowest airfares.

The early verdict: In the chaotic universe of online travel, Orbitz
is a Force to be reckoned with. Despite slow access, repeated
error messages and overtaxed call centers, the site registered
40,000 new customers and sold $ 1.3 million on Monday, its first
official day of operation. By week's end, it was booking 10,000
tickets a day.


As part of a growing industry effort to target do-it-yourself
travelers who want coddling along with control, Orbitz even promises
free "care alerts." Sent two days and three hours before a scheduled
flight, the e-mails (which customers must request) include updates
on gate and baggage claim assignments and warnings of weather
that could impact the trip.

But cybertravelers intent on snagging the best deal, particularly
for a trip that involves a hotel stay and car rental, still need
to search the galaxy first.

Bankrolled by the USA's five largest airlines, Orbitz pledges
an unbiased, comprehensive display of published airfares, along
with Web-only deals that could previously be booked only through
32 carriers' own sites. It cites an Arthur Andersen survey of
available fares within the top 100 domestic routes that showed
Orbitz meets or beats prices on its largest competitors, Travelocity
and Expedia, in more than four out of five searches.

However, another recent audit by the Portland, Ore.-based investment
bank Pacific Crest wasn't nearly as upbeat: It tested multiple
price scenarios from major cities to popular vacation destinations
and found that Orbitz ranked lower than both of its chief rivals.

A design winner

Dueling surveys aside, Orbitz's powerful search engine technology
warrants a look-see by any bargain hunter.

Thanks to a useful matrix design, travelers can see at a glance
how much cheaper, for example, a Delta two-stop flight is than
a United non-stop. The same matrix appears in Orbitz's rental-car
section, which slices and dices the lowest rates from multiple
companies to show -- on a single screen -- whether it's worth
it to splurge for an SUV or settle for a compact.

But unlike Travelocity, Expedia and several other online agencies,
Orbitz doesn't offer unpublished, discounted fares negotiated
directly with an airline. Examples include consolidator fares,
a popular option for overseas flights, and so-called "opaque"
fares that are priced without revealing the airline or schedule
until after the passenger has purchased a ticket.

Though it lists most Southwest fares, which no other online agency
does, Orbitz tells would-be customers they'll need to "contact
the airline directly" to book a flight. (Southwest, a vocal opponent
, has sued the newcomer to prevent it from including Southwest
flights.)

And some low-fare airlines, such as AirTran and Frontier, aren't
among the 32 charter members who have agreed to give Orbitz their
lowest fares, meaning travelers would need to check the airlines'
own sites for specials.

Orbitz's home page does include a nifty "Web Fares" box that
lets travelers find available deals from their home airports for
the next two weekends. Yet it doesn't allow would-be passengers
to search for the lowest published fare between two destinations,
regardless of travel date -- a handy way of establishing a "benchmark"
price to compare against specific search results, and a feature
its closest competitors already offer.

Orbitz is clearly emphasizing airline tickets, which represent
about 80% of the $ 12 billion spent on online travel last year.

Hotels, cars get short shrift

But because it doesn't have negotiated rates or access to Web-only
hotel and car rental deals, Orbitz isn't a good choice for travelers
who want to save as much money on a hotel room and car as they
do on a flight.

Case in point: An Orbitz search for the best price on a midsize
car in Bozeman, Mont., turned up a weekly base rate of $ 349 on
Thrifty (a price matched by Expedia and Travelocity). A check
of National's own Web site, however, showed a promotional rate
of $ 253.94 for eight days for a luxury model -- taxes and airport
fees included.

And after reading a column in Orbitz's "Travel Watch" section
that fawned over the new W Hotel in Sydney, Australia, we were
smitten. Alas, when we returned to the "Hotels" tab and navigated
several screens to find the best price for a June stay, it was
listed in Australian dollars. Even after doing the math with Orbitz's
currency converter, we found a lower rate on W's site.

Orbitz's cruise and vacation packages, meanwhile, aren't personalized.
Click on the home page teaser for a last-minute getaway to Seattle
"from $ 319," for example, and you'd have to click through two
screens to discover that the trip would set you back at least
$ 405 from Chicago.

Orbitz clearly hopes to set itself apart from rivals with an emphasis
on customer service.

The concept isn't new: Travelocity, for example, has beefed up
its 24-hour call centers and launched a travel club that provides
discounts and on-the-road perks; it's provided pager alerts of
flight changes since 1997. Both Travelocity and Expedia, meanwhile,
e-mail customers about strikes, hurricanes and other major, trip-snarling
events; flight updates are available on the sites or by calling
a toll-free number.

Still, Orbitz stands out for its proactive approach. Among its
offerings: A map of current flight delays, reports from an in-house
team that includes a former air-traffic controller and a "traveler
advocate" to help handle trip snafus.

In a climate where "airline service" remains an oxymoron, however,
cynics say Orbitz's highflying efforts will stall at the gate.

"It's a sad state when we're making news over how airlines alert
people when they screw up," grouses Terry Trippler of competitor
Onetravel.com. "And when United or Northwest can't even tell
me where my aircraft is, how will Orbitz be able to do it? It's
still a garbage-in, garbage-out world."

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: June 15, 2001, Friday

CORRECTION:  A June 8 story on Orbitz, the new online travel agency, should have
noted that the agency will be incorporating Web-only hotel and car rental rates
from nine companies.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W; Smothered with service: Orbitz promises to be more
customer-friendly than its competitors.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              98 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 14, 2001, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Kennedy, Bush team up for nation's schools They're both taking heat for
compromises

BYLINE: Kathy Kiely

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 1110 words

DATELINE:  WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- The walls of Sen. Edward Kennedy's public waiting
room are covered with photographs and posters documenting four
generations of his fabled family. But just outside the door to
his private office, the Massachusetts Democrat has hung two pictures
that pay puckish tribute to another famous dynasty.

The photographic evidence of Kennedy's relationship with two presidents
named George Bush is placed "where it will impress our Republican
friends but not scare our Democratic friends," Kennedy quips.

It's an unlikely alliance that has set the stage for the most
sweeping federal education law in three decades. As early as today,
the Senate is expected to approve legislation that grew out of
the unexpectedly good-humored rivalry between two of the nation's
most accomplished political clans.


The top photo in Kennedy's display, taken in 1988 near his family's
Hyannis Port compound, shows a GOP billboard mocking Kennedy's
jab at the elder Bush during that year's Democratic convention.
"Where was George?" it reads, quoting Kennedy. "In the White
House, Teddy."

It's accompanied by a handwritten note, on White House stationery,
thanking Kennedy for sending the photo. "I loved it!" wrote
the first President Bush. "Have a nice Thanksgiving with your
family."

Beneath that is a photo of the second President Bush greeting
Kennedy in the Oval Office. Taken three days after Bush's inauguration
in January, it shows the new president reaching out to a man his
party's fundraising letters routinely vilify for help in achieving
one of his top priorities.

Kennedy responded because he believed Bush's views on education
represented a "very dramatic contrast to traditional Republican
positions." But there were also family ties at work. "I had
known his father, and I worked with him, particularly on the Americans
with Disabilities Act," Kennedy says. He also recalled how the
president's grandfather, Sen. Prescott Bush, R-Conn., agreed to
speak to the legal society Kennedy headed as a student at the
University of Virginia Law School.

More than four decades later, the string of family courtesies
brought together a conservative Texan and liberal New Englander
to craft legislation that promises to change the federal government's
role in the nation's schools for the first time since 1965. It
requires annual reading and math tests for children in grades
three through eight and establish procedures for shutting down
or revamping schools whose students don't make the grade.

Both men have taken heat from their own parties for the deals
they struck with each other. But both are sticking by the legislation
they hammered out.

"It really is a compromise," Kennedy said in an interview. "It
isn't the bill I would have preferred. It isn't the bill that
President Bush would prefer. But it's a good bill."

White House aides who have watched the odd couple at work are
still shaking their heads in wonder.

"It sounds kind of hokey, but we get choked up about it," says
Margaret LaMontagne, the president's chief domestic policy adviser.
For all their political differences, she says, "there is such
respect in both families for the contribution each has made to
public service."

In age, they are 15 years apart; in ideology, the gap is much
wider. Yet the 54-year-old president and the 69-year-old senator
share certain key experiences. Both are familiar with the benefits
and burdens of inherited celebrity. As younger men, both were
overshadowed by seemingly more politically accomplished siblings.
Now they are letting their differences be overshadowed by a cause
they both believe in.

"We could have gotten into a situation where we would have been
involved in partisan squabbles . . . through the elections
of 2002 and 2004," Kennedy says. "It would have been a missed
opportunity. I think President Bush understood that. I certainly
did."

He was helped to that conclusion by a concerted White House wooing
campaign that began even before Bush took office, with a New Year's
Eve call to Kennedy. The president-elect found the senator on
St. Croix, enjoying a holiday vacation.

Then came the Oval Office meeting, with a bipartisan group of
senators interested in education, on Bush's second full working
day in office. The next day, Kennedy was invited to Education
Secretary Rod Paige's swearing-in ceremony. The day after that,
Bush brought the senator with him on a visit to a Washington-area
school.

On Feb. 1, Kennedy visited the White House twice: first to discuss
the president's agenda for people with disabilities, and later
with members of his family to view Thirteen Days, a film
about the roles President Kennedy and then-attorney general Robert
Kennedy played in defusing the Cuban missile crisis in 1962.

There were other invitations that Kennedy wasn't able to accept:
to attend a White House St. Patrick's Day party and ride on Air
Force One to the funeral of Rep. Joe Moakley, D-Mass. To bolster
Bush's argument that schools must be held accountable for students'
performance, Paige dug up some quotes from Robert Kennedy, who
was a senator from New York when the first federal Elementary
and Secondary Aid to Education bill passed in 1965.

The battle-tested pol was hardly likely to have his head turned
by a few blandishments from 1600 Pennsylvania Ave. But Kennedy
acknowledges that the president's courtesies created "a climate
for wanting to find common ground."

Conservatives in his party have criticized Bush for the compromises
he made. Rep. Pete Hoekstra, R-Mich., accused the president of
supporting "Ted Kennedy's education bill." Among the items Bush
gave up to win Kennedy's support: a voucher program that would
have let parents use federal money to transfer children out of
underperforming public schools.

And some House Democrats say Kennedy gave away too much when he
struck a deal with Bush for a pilot program that would allow some
states and school districts to spend federal education money with
virtually no strings attached.

Kennedy and Bush still have important disagreements. Kennedy is
convinced the president will not meet his oft-stated goal to "leave
no child behind" unless he increases his education budget by
more than $ 5 billion a year. He's already laying plans to battle
the White House to get the money during the appropriations process
later this year. Kennedy says he'll be doing his new buddy a favor.

"I think we're really carrying the president's position," he
says. "I think his better spirits will prevail."



LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Bill Perry for USA TODAY; PHOTO, B/W, Eric Draper, White
House, via AP; On education: Sen. Edward Kennedy says of their deal, "It isn't
the bill I would have preferred. It isn't the bill that President Bush would
prefer. But it's a good bill." Inherited celebrity: Sen. Edward Kennedy and
President Bush share a lot.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              99 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 18, 2001, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Excerpts from Brdo Castle

BYLINE: Judy Keen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 464 words


Excerpts from President Bush's interview Saturday with USA
TODAY's Judy Keen at Brdo Castle in Slovenia. Questions
and answers have been edited for length and clarity:

Q: Are you satisfied with the results of your first
official trip to Europe?

A: Mission accomplished. I came to get to know leaders better
and for them to get to know me. My plan to rethink the ABM Treaty
got better response than I would have thought. European Union
leaders and I don't agree on the Kyoto treaty. We do agree, and
I made it clear to them, that we share the same goal, and that
is the reduction of greenhouse gases.


Q: What did Russian President Putin mean when he suggested
there might be a "constructive development" on your plan for
a missile-defense shield?

A: Well, I can only surmise. I'm not going to put words in his
mouth, but Mr. Putin talked earlier in the year about weapons
of mass destruction in the hands of rogue nations.

He understood the need for the interception of missiles on launch.
I talked to him about limited and effective systems, which was
important for him.

Q: Was he resistant at the outset, then more receptive
as you talked?

A: No, I think he was interested from the beginning. I think he
was anxious to find what I was about, learn more about me. And
I was anxious to learn more about him.

Q: When will you go to Moscow?

A: I think it's going to be a while before we get there. Remember
now, we're meeting in July, we're meeting in Shanghai, China,
this fall, then he'll visit the ranch in Texas. Then we'll see
from there.

Q: Were there any tense moments in your meeting?

A: No. No tense moments.

Q: Were you surprised by his apparent willingness to continue
talking about the missile shield?

A: This is a man who has said that he understood the thinking
about the need to intercept missiles on launch, which is a very
important concept because in order to build intercept missiles
on launch, we need to think differently about the binds on research
and development.

He wants to hear more. He heard the philosophy. He heard the vision.
He heard that in no way shape or form do we want to diminish Russia.

Q: Did he ask you for anything?

A: No, he did not. He asked me for understanding. I asked the
same thing. I expect there to be trust, confidence.

Q: Some European leaders were openly critical of your
defense-shield plan and environmental polices during the trip.
Were they being disrespectful?

A: Oh, well, I didn't hear that. Some of them said they don't
agree, but I don't think they were disrespectful to me at all.
As a matter of fact, I think they showed a level of respect that
I leave with goodwill in my heart.

Q: You liked President Putin, didn't you?

A: I did.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              101 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 18, 2001, Monday, FINAL EDITION

'Salon' does what it wants But what celebrated Webzine needs is to survive wave
of dot-com failures

BYLINE: Marco R. della Cava

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1743 words

DATELINE: SAN FRANCISCO


SAN FRANCISCO -- A framed page greets visitors to the offices
of Salon. The Time magazine list of best Web sites
of 1996 ranked the online journal No. 1, gushing that "compelling"
Salon "does almost everything right."

At this point, staying alive would do just fine.

The giddy dawn of the Internet promised room for everyone to operate
and all but guaranteed that the elite in fields from e-commerce
to e-commentary would thrive. But as the pink slips, Aeron chairs
and other detritus of failure pile high here, Salon is
working feverishly to avoid following the herd from dot-com to
dot-gone -- most recently, venerable Webzines Feed and
Suck.


Sensing doom and trusting that the Web remains a treasured tool
for stimulating the brain as much as the libido, Salon recently
decided to charge for access to some of its irreverent cultural
and political observations, throwing in some soft-core nudity
for the price.

Some fans signed up. Others fired off incensed e-mails about the
pay-per-read move, vowing never to return. Wall Street threatens
a delisting as the public company's share price drops to 30 cents
and its value sinks to $ 4.5 million from a high of$ 60 million.
And Web watchers generally are unsure of the role that even the
most literate of content sites will play in the evolving e-world.

All of which can make Salon editor and co-founder David
Talbot understandably weary.

"In a rough economic sea filled with aircraft carriers, we could
benefit from not being a PT boat," says Talbot, 49, explaining
his all-consuming search for new investors or, perhaps as a safer
harbor, a parent company. "Everyone's consolidating. Part of
me wants to keep duking it out. But the other part just wants
to get back to journalism."

That pursuit, at least, has been rewarding. Salon won two
Online Journalism Awards last year, one for general excellence,
the other for an investigation into how TV networks cashed in
on a government program that paid for the placement of anti-drug
messages.

"Salon has proven it does outstanding journalism in an
innovative way," says Tom Goldstein, dean of the Columbia University
Graduate School of Journalism, which administers the awards with
the Online News Association. "The thing now is to find a workable
business model."

Editor Talbot insists that good news is near, though he declines
to elaborate. The mood among the 80 staffers left from the plush
days of 150 mixes optimism with shock.

"There's anxiety on many fronts, but we will get through this.
I can't see a future where we're not around," says news editor
Joan Walsh. "It's not possible that we'd go out of business."

A day spent at Salon's offices just off bustling Market
Street shows what happens when people with an alternative sensibility
gather behind a charismatic leader and use the freewheeling Net
to do, well, whatever they want.

With an infinite news hole and without the traditions constraining
print and broadcast media, Salon has blasted U.S. Rep.
Henry Hyde, R-Ill., for his "youthful indiscretion," devoted
endless paragraphs to dissecting the reality-TV shows and challenged
the Bush family to come clean about its apparent legacy of alcoholic
overindulgence.

Editors here say this "anything-goes" attitude is what Web-based
journalism is all about. "Overall, I think American journalism
is getting worse," says Scott Rosenberg, 41, Salon's managing
editor and one of a dozen founders. "It's the collision of the
bottom line and a self-destructive, closed-minded culture that
exists in many newsrooms. Here we stand convention on its head.
We have a voice. Whatever happens, we accomplished far more than
we dreamed."

Almost breaking even

Rosenberg has reason to be wary of journalism's current climate.
The drop in Net advertising and tightness of investment capital
have been grim news for companies like Salon, which, though
it almost turned a profit last quarter, has lost $ 40 million since
its debut in 1995.

To its credit, Salon hardly has sat by idly. Last month,
it introduced its "premium" version. For $ 30 a year, readers
get special columns on the Bush presidency ("Bushed!"), tasteful
erotic art (e.g. Helmut Newton photos) and no ads.

Although some readers are shocked by the move to charge (years
ago, this tactic proved a failure for Microsoft-backed rival Slate),
Talbot claims to be "ahead of pace" in recruiting its target
of 50,000 annual subscribers. Salon's own computer logs
show a monthly readership of 3.6 million; traffic trackers at
Jupiter Media Metrix place its draw closer to 1 million, comparable
to the print magazine New Yorker.

Another bright spot: After two rounds of layoffs, wage cuts and
other belt-tightening, the annual budget is down from $ 35 million
to $ 10 million. Last quarter, Salon earned $ 2.3 million,
just $ 200,000 shy of breaking even. Execs argue that the hoped-for
$ 1.5 million in annual subscription revenue would put the magazine
solidly in the black. Then, argues Salon publisher Michael
O'Donnell, 37, advertisers will flock back: "The future of media
is online.  . . . The cycle of spending will return to
the Web."

Perhaps. But maybe not to literary sites. Lanny Baker, media analyst
at Salomon Smith Barney, says that the information that draws
eyeballs online is the kind that helps people get jobs, buy products
and check their portfolios. "News is not a big driver," he says.

So maybe Salon can solve its problems by asking its loyal
customers to subscribe en masse; Talbot has talked about moving
to a subscriber-only format. But Al Tompkins, who studies online
journalism for the Poynter Institute think tank, counters, "The
Web is seen as free, so to get someone to change habits and pay,
there has to be something very different, valued and precious."

And if "being different means 'Bushed!', no ads and dirty pictures,
I don't know if that's enough," says Jimmy Guterman, president
of The Vineyard Group, a consultant to content sites. "It's the
cable TV analogy. Sure, people pay for it, but they usually don't
get HBO just for the The Sopranos."

Celebrating the offbeat

It's 10 a.m. midweek, and the Salon conference room has
a party atmosphere, packed with a dozen twenty- to fortysomethings
outfitted in a range of wear that would be suitable for a lazy
Saturday. Jeans. T-shirts. Vests. Sandals. Dr. Martens. (The dress
has nothing to do with income; staffers earn from high five-figures
to low six.)

Though the editorial meeting lasts half an hour, it feels like
half a minute. Ideas zip through the air and are dissected, dismissed
and devoured midflight. "Where's Gore been?" asks Talbot, holding
court. "Shouldn't we be doing a story on that?" Next up, a look
at offbeat summer movies such as Memento and Amores
Perros, then a discussion about why African-American men are
contracting the AIDS virus at a rate comparable with devastated
African nations.

Such variety lured writer Janelle Brown, 27, from WiredNews.
"Salon covers all the hot buttons, but from a younger
point of view," says Brown, who a few years back was among the
first to write about a new company called Napster. "I wouldn't
say we're hip, just smart and irreverent."

Staffers are sure Salon will keep its distinctive voice
or die trying. Says news editor Walsh: "Not to sound like I've
drunk the Kool-Aid, but I trust David not to sell us to someone
who would kill us."

Talbot insists that only companies with an understanding of journalism
in their corporate culture would be appropriate suitors. "I don't
know how Slate does it. That's Dilbertland," he says of
Microsoft, "a vast complex of geeks."

Slate editor Michael Kinsley -- whose Webzine has a circulation
roughly double Salon's at 2 million, according to Jupiter
Media Metrix -- does not try to hide his glee at his rival's tenuous
condition. "We're only human, and they were incredibly snotty
about us, so it's hard not to feel some schadenfreude," he says.
"Salon is cheap and sensationalistic. But the main reason
they're in trouble is they spent too much."

Now that the belt is cinched, Salon executive editor (and
another founder) Gary Kamiya makes do with the resources on hand.
But he revels in the fact that once in his professional life he
started something from scratch and etched it with his vision of
how a publication should run.

"If anything, maybe we're too nice here," he says with
a smile. "But seriously, people are treated humanely and we have
journalistic freedom. It's not utopian, but it's pretty attractive."

Kamiya will do his part to keep that vibe going by staging another
annual company picnic at his family's ranch in the Sierras. Forget
the sinking stock price -- and the feeling that perhaps the Web
is turning its back on Salon and other repositories of
the digital word.

"It's great to get away. We swim, we barbecue, we talk writing,
we get drunk," he says with a laugh. "Salon has been
a damned struggle from the beginning, but there's been nothing
like it. I will keep coming to work until they tell me to go home."


* What: Salon (www.salon.com), an online newsmagazine
focused on cultural and political criticism

* Launched: Nov. 12, 1995 in San Francisco; the brainchild
of David Talbot and other defectors from The San Francisco
Examiner

* Main online competitor: Slate, edited by celebrated
pundit Michael Kinsley and backed by Microsoft

* Status: Went public in June 1999 at $ 10 a share, raising
$ 26.3 million; shares are now worth 30 cents, and the company
is seeking new investors or buyers

* Awards: Various Web-centric kudos (Webby Award for best
online magazine, 1997, '98, '99), as well as 2000 Online Journalism
Award for General Excellence and 2000 Society of Professional
Journalists award for a story on the perils of medicating children

* Top draws: A sardonic recap of the first Survivor
TV series drew the most readers ever to the site; other hits
include "Courtney Love Does the Math," the rocker/actress blasting
record companies for greed; and "Mahir: I Kiss You," an early
look at the Web site of a lovesick Turkish accordion player

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Jack Gruber, USA TODAY; Upbeat mood: David Talbot in the
Salon production department with Lisa Manning, a production assistant, in San
Francisco.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              102 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    June 20, 2001, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

'Frontier' isn't dying, just drifting Its persistence reflects nation's change
in focus from conquering the wilderness to celebrating it

BYLINE: Patrick O'Driscoll

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 1036 words

DATELINE: FAIRPLAY, Colo.


FAIRPLAY, Colo. -- At almost 2 miles above sea level, thin air
isn't the only breathtaking part of life in this mine-town remnant
of America's 19th century frontier.

Five 14,000-foot peaks loom to the west and north. A vast mountain
basin called South Park, greening with grass, rolls off to the
east and south. Thick forests of pine and spruce encircle it.


But what looks like 1800s wilderness is the fifth-fastest-growing
county in the USA. Park County, population 14,523, is growing
so fast that it has ceased being "frontier" according to the
Census Bureau's official yardstick: fewer than six people per
square mile.

Driven by the arrival of retirees, workers from nearby mountain
resorts and refugees from Denver's western suburbs, Park County's
102% growth in the 1990s made it one of 19 counties to lose frontier
status in Census 2000.

All except one are in the West. Eight are in Colorado, and five
are in neighboring Arizona and New Mexico. Combined, those 13
counties cover an area about the size of Georgia.

More than a century ago, scholars prematurely declared that the
American frontier had disappeared. In reality, the invisible line
that once separated settled from unsettled terrain became fragmented
and blurred as growth hopscotched across the West.

The frontier actually grew in the first decade of the 20th century.
Since then, the number of these least populated counties has roller-coastered
with economic booms and busts. In the Great Plains, the frontier
has expanded in recent decades as population has declined in parts
of the region. In the Southwest and Rockies, the frontier has
shrunk as more people scramble for a picturesque piece of the
West.

The 19 counties that ceased being frontier in the 1990s total
about 68,000 square miles. Nine counties -- all east of the Continental
Divide and totaling 12,200 square miles -- slipped back into frontier
status.

The net loss of territory designated as frontier was only 4% for
the decade. Nearly 40% of the USA -- 400 counties with 4.7 million
residents and more than 1.4 million square miles -- remains frontier
by the Census definition. That includes more than 500,000 square
miles of the "Last Frontier" state of Alaska, which has 1.1
people per square mile.

More than 27% of the contiguous 48 states is frontier. In the
industrialized world, only Canada and Australia, both with far
fewer people, have larger frontier zones.

Nationwide from 1990 to 2000, "we just picked up 32.7 million
people. It was the largest (Census) growth in absolute numbers
ever," says Robert Lang, director of urban and metropolitan research
at the Fannie Mae Foundation. "And yet we still have this enormous
frontier."

Lang, who has studied the ebb and flow of population in the Great
Plains and the West, says that's because the notion of holding
onto the frontier instead of conquering it took hold in the American
imagination in the late 20th century.

"Plowing and settling the frontier was once the unfinished business
of the country," Lang says. "But a lot of people now want it
to remain unfinished. In the 1890s, it was a source of pride that
we were finishing. Now it's a source of concern."

And so, even though the five fastest-growing states in the 1990s
were all in the West (Nevada, Arizona, Colorado, Utah and Idaho),
they all retain large tracts of frontier. Rapid growth in cities
-- Phoenix, Denver, Albuquerque, Tucson, Boise -- did nudge nearby
counties out of the frontier, however.

But in many of those counties, open spaces still outnumber filled-in
ones. Coconino County, Ariz., for instance, dropped out of frontier
status because of booming growth in Flagstaff. But the county,
as big as New Jersey and Maryland combined, retains considerable
emptiness. Within its borders is much of the Grand Canyon.

Some counties may never leave frontier status: vast tracts of
Alaska, remote deserts of Nevada and Utah's Great Basin, and many
parts of the Great Plains, which have been losing people for decades.
Most of the nine counties that slipped below the frontier threshold
in the '90s are on or near the Plains, from the Texas Panhandle
to northern Montana.

Some followers of the frontier advocate a broader measure than
the Census formula of dividing square miles by population. The
Frontier Education Center in New Mexico, a lobby for better rural
health, education and social services, factors in isolation by
calculating travel time and distance from adequate services. Its
tabulation: The frontier consists of 908 counties, 10.2 million
people and more than half the USA.

The frontier was measured originally out of embarrassment. By
the mid-1800s, the USA had expanded across the continent but still
hadn't developed much of its land. To Europeans, that was a waste,
a sign that America "was not developed and uncivilized," Lang
says. So the nation kept track "to show Europe that we would
redeem (the frontier) from the wilderness."

Ultimately, climate and geography deemed that much would remain
relatively undeveloped, even as generations moved West to seek
a fresh start.

"If you were disgruntled, you lit out for the frontier. You reshuffled
the deck. You reinvented yourself," Lang says. "That helped
the country. And today, it's defining of the country that there's
still a place where you can reinvent yourself. And it's still
out West."

***

Contributing: Paul Overberg, Scott Hillkirk in Washington


Old frontier, new frontier

Counties that gained enough population in the 1990s to lose the
Census Bureau's "frontier" designation of fewer than six people
per square mile:

Counties that lost enough population in the 1990s to gain frontier
designation:

Arizona: Apache, Coconino, Graham

Colorado: Archuleta, Conejos, Crowley, Elbert, Grand, Ouray, Park,
Routt

Georgia: Echols

Idaho: Blaine, Fremont, Washington

Montana: Jefferson

New Mexico: Rio Arriba, San Miguel

Oregon: Crook

Kansas: Edwards

Michigan: Ontonagon

Minnesota: Marshall

Montana: Hill

Nebraska: Sherman

North Dakota: Foster

Texas: Hansford, Reeves, Wheeler

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Frank Pompa, USA TODAY, Source: U.S. Census Bureau (MAP);
PHOTOS, B/W, Rick Wilking for USA TODAY (2); The frontier no more: Wilderness is
as close as the backyard in a new subdivision in Park County, Colo. Newcomers
helped fuel a 102% boom in the county's population in the 1990s. Attractive
lifestyle: Mike and Barb Pilcher play with sons Willy, left, and Timmy in
Bailey, Colo., about an hour from Denver.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              112 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    September 7, 2001, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Savvy investors track the cycle

BYLINE: John Waggoner

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B; Investing

LENGTH: 1570 words

Stocks are down. The economy's slowing. Suddenly, the world has all the sparkle
of a mid-November wake.

If it all seems familiar to you, it's not deja vu. It's the business cycle. And
just as fall follows summer, bust follows boom.

Not all business cycles are identical, but they have enough in common to
identify a beginning, middle and end. Each phase favors different types of
investments. "The most important question you can answer is, 'Where are we in
the business cycle?' " says Hugh Johnson, market strategist for First Albany.


How do you know when the cycle is changing? What types of investments fare best
in different parts of the cycle? Identifying the cycle is part art and part
science. It involves looking at the stock market, the bond market, the economy
and even human behavior. But knowing the cycle can help you invest in the good
times and weather the bad times.

Recession

Let's start by looking at an idealized business cycle, starting with recession.
The formal definition of a recession is two consecutive quarters of contracting
gross domestic product (GDP). So far, that hasn't happened. But some slowdowns,
such as the one in 1993-1994, can feel uncomfortably close to recession.

Because the government's GDP numbers are released 3 months after the end of a
quarter and subject to several revisions, the recession has typically been
underway for a long time before it's officially announced. The 1990 recession
wasn't declared until 21 months after it began. Early warning signs of a
recession:

 * The National Association of Purchasing Management's (NAPM) index is one of
the earliest and most reliable indicators of a slowdown. When the index is below
50, the manufacturing sector is contracting. The index stood at 47.9 in August,
up from 43.6 in July.

 * The leading economic indicators are falling -- and coincident indicators,
which measure the current economy, are falling, too. The weekly leading
indicators warned of recession in September 2000, says Anirvan Banerji, director
of research at the Economic Cycle Research Institute, which produces the leading
indicators. "We're either in a recession or the worst non-recession ever," he
says. The weekly index stands at 119.3, down 2.5% from last week.

 * Interest rates fall. When the economy slows, the Federal Reserve attempts to
revive it by reducing short-term interest rates. Falling rates make it cheaper
for businesses to borrow and expand. Congress may also try to end the slump by
cutting taxes. The Fed has pushed the target for the key federal funds rate down
seven times this year to 3.5%.

 * Stocks tumble. In the first stages of a recession, stocks slump as corporate
earnings fall. The plunge in stocks can be particularly painful if investors
bought shares at high prices during a wave of speculation, as they did in 1929
and 1973 -- and, most likely, 2000. The Standard & Poor's 500 index has fallen
16.2% this year.

But all stocks don't fall equally. Investors typically buy stocks of big, stable
companies that produce things people buy even in a recession: food, tobacco,
electric power.

 * Spirits fall. As investors duck for cover, the nation's mood changes.
Brokerage ads tout safety. Banks trumpet CDs. And the Conference Board's
consumer confidence survey falls.

Recovery

The early stages of an economic recovery are hard to tell from the late stages
of a recession. "Every recovery is different," says First Albany's Johnson. The
stock market typically signals recovery first. Why? Because Wall Street looks
forward, not back. Stocks often start to rally by the middle of a recession.

The stocks that move first are consumer cyclical stocks, Johnson says. These are
stocks of companies that make the goods that consumers postponed buying in a
recession: televisions, autos and appliances.

And small-company stocks tend to fare better than large-company stocks. Smaller
companies are more nimble and able to respond to an improving economy. And
because they tend to be big borrowers, they feel the most relief when interest
rates fall.

Mark Zandi, chief economist at Economy.com, thinks we're at the bottom of the
slump. "Watch the Wilshire 5000," he says, referring to one of the broadest
stock indexes. "The market will anticipate the rebound." Hugh Johnson thinks the
stock market's recovery started in March, and that the economy will start to
recover in the first 3 months of 2002.

What happens next? As the economy and the stock market recover, consumers
gradually become more confident. Wages rise. Fear turns to confidence. The Fed
stops pushing rates down because the economy doesn't need to be stimulated.

By midcycle, large-company stocks start to take over from smaller companies
because they can often buy out smaller rivals -- or crush them. Technology
stocks fare well because computers make increasingly expensive employees more
productive. Demand for raw materials picks up as factories turn out more cars
and appliances. Mining and other industries start to lead the stock market.

But the cycle's end is in its beginning. "At some point in the expansion,
business runs into capacity limits," says David Blitzer, investment strategist
for Standard & Poor's. Prices start to rise because demand outstrips supply. The
bond market, worried about inflation, pushes prices down and yields up. The
Federal Reserve gets nervous about inflation, too, and raises interest rates to
slow the economy. "Six to 12 months later, unless the Fed is very artful or very
lucky, we get a recession."

No two business cycles are entirely alike. But most strategists figure that the
current downturn should end by the first quarter of 2002. If so, that would
augur well for technology and electronics stocks, particularly smaller ones. But
no one rings a bell when the economy turns. "This is the darkest hour," Zandi
says. "The economy won't feel good again until this time next year."

***

John Waggoner's column appears Fridays. Online: Waggoner answers questions at
www.usatoday.com. E-mail: waggon@usatoday.com


Top small-company funds

If the experts are right and we're in the late stages of a slowdown or the early
stages of a recovery, then small-company stocks should fare well. The five top
small-company funds the past 5 years:

Total return[+1]

Fund, phone

2001

5 years

Firstar MicroCap A, 800-677-3863

0.4%

244%

State Street Res. Aurora A, 800-882-0052

11.5%

203%

RS Diversified Growth, 800-766-3863

-9.1%

200%

Royce Trust & Gift, 800-221-4268

12.7%

196%

Touchstone Emerging Growth A, 800-638-8194

-2.5%

163%

Average small-company stock fund

-1.3%

65%

1 -- Dividends, gains reinvested through Aug. 31

Source: Lipper

TEXT WITHIN GRAPHIC BEGINS HERE

Recession

Hot stocks

* Consumer staples (food, tobacco)

* Utilities (gas, water, electric)

* Energy

* Large-company stocks outperform

Monetary indicators

* Short-term rates falling

* Long-term rates falling

* Fed's bias toward easing

* Short-term rates far below long-term rates

Economic indicators

* GDP contracting

* Leading indicators down

* Inflation flat or down

* Manufacturing low and falling

Sentiment

* Deflation worries

* Financial ads emphasize safety

* Headlines emphasize layoffs

* Consumer confidence falling

Early recovery

Hot stocks

* Consumer cyclicals (autos, retailers)

* Technology (software, computers)

* Industrial (factory equipment)

* Small companies outperform

Monetary indicators

* Short-term rates flat

* Long-term rates flat

* Fed stops easing

* Difference between short-term and long-term rates decreasing

Economic indicators

* GDP shows modest gains

* Leading economic indicators rising

* Inflation flat

* Manufacturing rising

Sentiment

*Earnings worries still common

* Financial ads emphasize safety

* Income investments in vogue

* Consumer expectations rising

Mid-cycle

Sentiment

* Inflation worries picking up

* Financial ads emphasize gains

* Sector funds popular

* Consumer confidence rising

Economic indicators

* Leading indicators up

* Factory capacity rising

* Hourly wages rising

* Manufacturing strong

Monetary indicators

* Short-term rates flat

* Long-term rates rising

* Fed adapts neutral stance

* Difference between long-term and short-term rates widening

Hot stocks

* Technology

* Consumer cyclicals

* Basic materials

* Larger companies start to outperform

Late cycle

Sentiment

* Momentum stocks popular

* Financial ads emphasize gains

* Word "boom" frequent in headlines

* Consumer expectations falling

Economic indicators

* Leading indicators down

* Factory capacity above 90%

* Hourly wages rising

* Manufacturing slowing

Monetary indicators

* Short-term rates rising

* Long-term rates rising

* Fed tightening

* Short-term rates higher than long-term rates

Hot stocks

* Energy

* Technology

* Basic materials

* Large companies outperform

LOAD-DATE: September 07, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Frank Pompa, USA TODAY, Source: USA TODAY research
(ILLUSTRATION)

TYPE: MANAGING YOUR MONEY

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              114 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 21, 2001, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Leaf through a fall music preview

BYLINE: Edna Gundersen; Steve Jones; Brian Mansfield; Ken Barnes

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 2E

LENGTH: 3150 words

On this page and the next, previews and listings of fall albums have been
compiled by USA TODAY's Edna Gundersen, Steve Jones, Brian Mansfield and Ken
Barnes. All release dates, particularly in the current cultural climate, are
subject to change.

R&B, rap, blues and jazz

Just out

Notable albums released earlier in September include Babyface, Face 2 Face; Macy
Gray, The Id; Jay-Z, The Blueprint; Prophet Jones, Prophet Jones; and Gerald
Levert, Gerald's World.

Sept. 25

Big Syke, Big Syke Daddy. Longtime friend of slain rapper Tupac Shakur and
member of Thug Life and The Outlawz. First single, Time Iz Money, features E-40
and DJ Quik.


Jermaine Dupri, The Instructions. So So Def chief's follow-up to 1998's platinum
Life in 1472 is brimming with guests and producers such as Nate Dogg, UGK,
Ludacris, Swizz Beatz and The Neptunes.

Herbie Hancock, Future2Future. The jazz innovator collaborates with electronica
and hip-hop stars, including DJ Rob Swift and Carl Craig.

Also: Charlie Hunter, Songs From the Analog Playground; Diane Schuur & Maynard
Ferguson, Swingin' for Schuur.

Oct. 2

Ja Rule, Pain Is Love. His third album gets input from Jennifer Lopez, Missy
Elliott and 2Pac.

Three 6 Mafia, Choices. Memphis rap collective provides soundtrack to
direct-to-DVD/video film about an ex-con trying to go straight.

Oct. 9

Chris Thomas King, The Legend of Tommy Johnson Act 1. Inspired in part by King's
role as a blues musician in O Brother, Where Art Thou?

Shaquille O'Neal Presents His Superfriends, Vol. 1. The basketball hero's fifth
release of party-ready rap draws on pals in hip-hop circles.

Erick Sermon, The Sermon. EPMD and Def Squad veteran rapper/producer features
guests LL Cool J, Redman and Keith Murray. Hit single Music samples rare
recording by Marvin Gaye.

Also: Cam'Ron; Kenny Lattimore, Weekend.

Oct. 23

DMX, The Great Depression. The rapper's autobiographical fourth album tackles
joy and anguish in love and family.

Also: R.L. Burnside, Burnside on Burnside; Dilated Peoples, Expansion Team;
Boney James, Ride.

Oct. 30

Alana Davis, Fortune Cookies. Second album from tough-to-categorize
singer/songwriter.

Nov. 6

Faith Evans, Faithfully. Third album for soulful singer features production by
Michaelangelo Saulsberry (formerly of Portrait), P. Diddy, Battlecat, Mario
Winans and Evans herself.

Ludacris, Word of Mouf. First single Area Codes was on the Rush Hour 2
soundtrack. Produced in part by Timbaland.

Angie Stone, Mahogany Soul. The neo-soulster digs deeper into rootsy R&B on such
tunes as first single Brotha, a tribute to black men that counters the attitude
of No Scrubs, Bills Bills Bills, etc.

Nov. 13

Busta Rhymes, Genesis. Producers Dr. Dre, the Neptunes and DJ Scratch helped
sculpt the rapper's fifth album, featuring a remix of hit single What It Is.

Also: Allure, Sunny Days; Cypress Hill, Stoned Raiders; Ghostface Killah, Cuban
Linx II: Bulletproof Wallets; Mack 10, Bang or Ball.

Nov. 20

Nelly, title TBA. Second solo from highest-profile St. Lunatic.

Pink, title TBA. Sophomore album from Lady Marmalade diva.

Also: Cherokee, Soul Parade; Donnell Jones, Life Goes On; Ruff Endz, Someone to
Love; Timbaland and Magoo, Indecent Proposal.

Nov. 27

Brandy, title TBA. Singer re-teams with producer Rodney Jerkins, who helmed her
multiplatinum Never Say Never. Babyface, The Neptunes, Mike City, and Soulshock
& Karlin will also produce tracks.

Nate Dogg, Music and Me. Ubiquitous hip-hop singer for hire ventures on his own
again.

Dec. 4

Fat Joe, J.O.S.E. (Jealous Ones Still Envy). Terror Squad leader's guests
include R. Kelly, Xzibit, M.O.P, and Petey Pablo.

Also: Warren G., Return of the Regulator; Montell Jordan, R U With Me; Noreaga,
title TBA.

Rock and pop

Just out

Notable albums released earlier in September include Tori Amos, Strange Little
Girls; Mariah Carey, Glitter; Bob Dylan, Love and Theft; Live, V; P.O.D.,
Satellite; Slayer, God Hates Us All.

Sept. 25

Ryan Adams, Gold. Whiskeytown's former leader follows last year's heart-breaking
Heartbreaker with another solo effort.

Carole King, Love Makes the World. The celebrated songwriter's 24th solo album,
her first studio disc in nearly a decade, features cameos by Celine Dion, Wynton
Marsalis, Babyface and k.d. lang.

Los Straitjackets, Sing Along With Los Straitjackets. On its fifth album, the
instrumental group adds the vocals of Dave Alvin, Big Sandy, Exene Cervenka, El
Vez, the Reverend Horton Heat, Mark Lindsay, Raul Malo, Leigh Nash and others.

Suzanne Vega, Songs in Red and Gray. Songs produced by Rupert Hine include
Widow's Walk, Soap and Water and If I Were a Weapon on Vega's first studio album
since 1996's Nine Objects of Desire.

The Verve Pipe, Underneath. With help from producer Adam Schlesinger of
Fountains of Wayne, the Michigan band returns to its power-pop roots.

Also: Jim Brickman, Simple Things; Cindy Bullens, Neverland; Tim Finn, Feeding
the Gods; Handsome Family, Twilight; Matthew Ryan, Concussion; Spiritualized,
Let It Come Down; Suicide Machines, Steal This Record; Loudon Wainwright III,
Last Man on Earth.

Oct. 2

Bela Fleck, Perpetual Motion. The banjo virtuoso tackles short classical works.

Garbage, Beautiful Garbage. Retailers have high hopes for Shirley Manson and
company, whose 1998 album sold 1.6 million copies.

Billy Joel, Opus 1-10 Fantasies & Delusions (Music for Solo Piano). His first
album of new material since 1993's River of Dreams draws from romantic-era
classical influences. The instrumentals were recorded in Vienna in June with
pianist Richard Joo.

Elton John, Songs From the West Coast. John and longtime lyricist Bernie Taupin
cover romantic and social issues, including AIDS and the 1998 murder of gay
college student Matthew Shepard.

The Rembrandts, Lost Together. More Beatlesque pop from the songwriting duo that
gave us the Friends theme, I'll Be There for You.

Also: Baha Men, Move It Like This; Heather Nova, South; Steve Tyrell, Standard
Time.

Oct. 9

Boozoo Chavis, Down Home on Dog Hill. The final recordings by the late pioneer
of modern zydeco music.

Leonard Cohen, Ten New Songs. The Canadian songwriter, poet and novelist
collaborates with Sharon Robinson on such tracks as That Don't Make It Junk and
A Thousand Kisses Deep.

Yoko Ono, Blueprint for a Sunrise. Her first new album in five years contains 11
live and studio tracks, some with son Sean Lennon on board.

Tabitha's Secret. The Orlando band, a prequel to Matchbox 20, is resuscitated on
these 10 tracks finished in 1995.

Also: Charlotte Church, Enchantment; Dr. John, Creole Moon; The Kottonmouth
Kings, The Kream of the Krop . . . Hidden Stash II; Leona Naess, I Tried to Rock
You But You Only Roll.

Oct. 16

Lit, Atomic. Rock tunes include first single Lipstick and Bruises and The Last
Time Again, also on the American Pie 2 soundtrack.

Ozzy Osbourne, Down to Earth. The 11-track metalfest kicks off with Gets Me
Through, an open letter to fans.

Also: James Mathus and His Knockdown Society, National Antiseptic; New Order,
Get Ready.

Oct. 23

Harry Connick Jr., Songs I Heard; 30. Songs I Heard highlights his big
band/orchestra arrangements and interpretations of songs from such movies as The
Wizard of Oz and The Sound of Music, while the simultaneously released 30 is a
solo piano album focusing on New Orleans roots with such guests as Wynton
Marsalis and the late gospel singer Rev. James Moore.

The Cranberries, Wake Up and Smell the Coffee. The band's fifth album was
crafted during singer Dolores O'Riordan's pregnancy.

Goldie, goldie.co. uk. Drum and bass DJ's release of collaborations coincides
with the launch of his same-named Web site.

Incubus, Morning View. Scott Litt produced this sequel to the double-platinum
Make Yourself.

Also: Bush, Golden State; Fu Manchu, California Crossing; Lenny Kravitz, Lenny.

Oct. 30

Marc Anthony, titles TBA. The Latin star releases two albums simultaneously, a
salsa set and a pop record featuring first single Tragedy, co-written with the
ubiquitous Rob Thomas of Matchbox 20

Michael Jackson, Invincible. Will this long-awaited comeback by the
self-proclaimed King of Pop live up to its title?

John Mellencamp, Cuttin' Heads. The heartland rocker dwells on racism in America
on a collection featuring India Arie on lead single Peaceful World, Chuck D on
the title track and Trisha Yearwood on Deep Blue Heart.

Shakira, Laundry Service. The English-language debut by the Grammy-winning Latin
star who sold 3.4 million copies of career-launching Donde Estan los Ladrones.

Also: Eagle-Eye Cherry, Present/Future; Dope, Life; Human League, Secrets; Rob
Zombie, The Sinister Urge, Oct. 30.

Nov. 6

Tony Bennett, Playin' With My Friends: Bennett Sings the Blues.The legendary
crooner shares the mike with Ray Charles, Natalie Cole, Sheryl Crow, Billy Joel,
Stevie Wonder and others.

Kid Rock, title TBA. The rap-metal star's return will test the sturdiness of his
career and the genre.

Natalie Merchant, Motherland. The ex-10,000 Maniac snared T Bone Burnett to
produce her first studio album since 1998's Ophelia.

Britney Spears, title TBA. The teen-pop vixen's third album was launched at the
MTV Awards with the performance of new single I'm a Slave 4 U.

Nov. 13

Mick Jagger, Goddess in the Doorway. The Rolling Stone's solo foray enlists
Lenny Kravitz, Rob Thomas, Wyclef Jean and others, but Jagger dominates as
singer, producer and guitarist.

Jewel, This Way. Her fourth album, and first since a 1999 Christmas album, kicks
off with single Standing Still. The Alaska-bred singer recorded in Nashville and
co-produced with Dann Huff.

Shelby Lynne, Love, Shelby. The Grammy-anointed singer/songwriter teams with
producer Glen Ballard.

Nov. 20

Korn, title TBA. Produced by Michael Beinhorn, the trailblazing rap-metal outfit
delivers its fifth studio album.

Also: Ben Harper, Pleasure and Pain.

Dec. 18

No Doubt, Rock Steady. On its fifth album, the Orange County, Calif., pop band
joins forces with a who's who of producers, including Dr. Dre, Sly & Robbie, Ric
Ocasek and Timbaland.

Country, folk, bluegrass and gospel

Just out

Notable albums released earlier in September include Robert Earl Keen,
Gravitational Forces; Chris Knight, A Pretty Good Guy; Ricky Skaggs, History of
the Future and Michael W. Smith, Worship.

Sept. 25

Steven Curtis Chapman, Declaration. The latest from one of Christian music's
most thoughtful singer/songwriters includes a song written for his adopted
daughter and another featuring the chant of a converted Ecuadorian tribesman who
once murdered a missionary.

Ralph Stanley and Friends, Clinch Mountain Sweethearts. Bluegrass patriarch
duets with Dolly Parton, Joan Baez, Lucinda Williams and more.

Also: Amy Allison, Sad Girl; Chad Brock, III; Chely Wright, Never Love You
Enough.Oct. 2

George Jones, The Rock: Stone Cold Country 2001. The Possum sings two duets with
Garth Brooks and stuns with a song about the Vietnam Veterans Memorial.

Dwight Yoakam, South of Heaven, West of Hell. Soundtrack to this Yoakam-directed
vehicle includes tunes written with Mick Jagger and ZZ Top's Billy Gibbons.

Also: Gary Allan, Alright Guy.

Oct. 9

David Ball, Amigo. Features hit Riding With Private Malone.

Also: Trace Adkins, Chrome; Charlie Daniels Band, The Live Record; Delirious,
Deeper: The D:Finitive Worship Experience; Steve Earle, Townes Van Zandt & Guy
Clark, Together at the Bluebird Cafe; Andy Griggs, Freedom; Kelly Hogan, Because
It Feel Good; Doyle Lawson, Gospel Parade; Woody Rock, Soul Music; Chris Thile,
Not All Who Wander Are Lost.

Oct. 16

Pat Green, Three Days. Leader of "Texas music" movement goes after national
spotlight.

Also: John Berry, All the Way to There.

Oct. 23

Rice, Rice, Hillman, Pedersen, Runnin' Wild. Third album from bluegrass
"supergroup."

Also: Tracy Lawrence.

Oct. 30

Trin-I-Tee 5:7, title TBA. Third effort from gospel trio.

Also: Shirley Caesar, Hymns; Joe Diffie, In Another World; Deryl Dodd, Pearl
Snaps; 4HIM, Walk On; Collin Raye, Can't Back Down; Jeffrey Steele, Tip Your
Hat.

Nov. 6

Kasey Chambers, Barricades & Brickwalls. Sophomore album from critically adored
Australian singer/songwriter.

Merle Haggard, Roots, Vol. 1. The Hag pays tribute to traditional country heroes
Lefty Frizzell, Hank Thompson and Hank Williams.

George Strait, The Road Less Traveled. Strait remakes past hits by Merle
Haggard, Rodney Crowell and Del Reeves.

Also: Robbie Fulks, 13 Hillbilly Giants; Danni Leigh, Divide and Conquer; Third
Day, Come Together.

Nov. 20

Sean "P. Diddy" Combs & Hezekiah Walker Present . . . Thank You. Gospel album
from the rap mogul and associates.

Also: Audio Adrenaline, Lift; Jennifer Knapp, The Way I Am.

Notable debuts

Jay Farrar, Sebastopol. After releasing six albums as a member of alt-country
pioneers Uncle Tupelo and Son Volt, Farrar strikes out on his own. Sept. 25.

Tenacious D. The self-titled debut, produced by the Dust Brothers, finds
mock-rock duo Jack Black (of High Fidelity fame) and Kyle Gass collaborating
with Dave Grohl of Foo Fighters and others. Sept. 25.

Billy Bob Thornton, Private Radio. The actor/director's debut album is
Southern-fried roots rock that includes a cover of the Byrds' He Was a Friend of
Mine and The Starlight Lounge, co-written with Dwight Yoakam and Holly Lamar.
Sept. 25.

Oysterhead, The Grand Pecking Order. Guitarist Trey Anastasio of Phish, bassist
Les Claypool of Primus and former Police drummer Stewart Copeland convened in
April in Vermont to record this power-trio debut. Oct. 2.

Jive Jones, Me, Myself and I. Singer/songwriter known for his work with the
likes of Mandy Moore, PM Dawn, Biohazard, Rachid and Anastacia fuses pop,
hip-hop, funk, electronic and rock. Oct. 9.

Bubba Sparxxx, Dark Days, Bright Nights. Southern rapper expected to push the
white-trash boundaries set by Kid Rock and Eminem. Oct. 9.

The Strokes, Is This It. The New York band's highly anticipated debut follows a
much-hyped EP, Modern Age. Sept. 25.

T.I., I'm Serious. Street-oriented rapper from Bankhead, Ga. Oct. 9.

Col. Parker, Rock & Roll Music. The new rock act includes Gilby Clarke (Guns N'
Roses), Slim Jim Phantom (the Stray Cats), Muddy Stardust (L.A. Guns) and Teddy
Andreadis (Slash's Snakepit). Oct. 16.

Raul Malo, Today. The singer for the Mavericks takes a detour for his solo debut
of country- and Latin-flavored songs in Spanish and English. Oct. 16.

Mr. Cheeks, John P. Kelly. The Lost Boyz frontman collaborates with the likes of
Stephan Marley, Easy Mo Bee, the Goodie Mob's Big Gipp and Horace Brown. Oct.
16.

Dawn Robinson, Dawn. Former En Vogue and Lucy Pearl singer makes solo debut.
Oct. 16

Lisa "Left Eye" Lopes, Supernova. TLC rapper/singer steps outside the
multiplatinum trio. Oct. 23.

Petey Pablo, Diary of a Sinner: 1st Entry. Carolina rapper already has a hit
with Timbaland-produced Raise Up. Oct. 23.

Hope Sandoval, Bavarian Fruit Bread. Solo bow for ethereal ex-Mazzy Star
vocalist. Oct. 23.

B2K, B2K is HOT! Jermaine Dupri and others produced the teen-pop collection.
Nov. 6.

Bering Strait. No kin to George, this is a seven-piece bluegrass-influenced
group that formed at the State College of Music and Stage Arts -- in Russia.
Nov. 6.

Dungeon Family. Joint effort by longtime Atlanta collaborators Outkast, Goodie
Mob, Organized Noize and others. Nov. 6.

TobyMac, Momentum. The last of three solo albums from the members of Christian
rock-rap trio dc Talk, this one from Toby McKeehan. Nov. 6

Caddillac Tah, Pov City Hustler. Rugged Jamaica, Queens, N.Y., rapper named
after his Escalade has had appearances on first two Ja Rule albums. First single
is Pov City Anthem. Nov. 13.

Ms. Toi, That Girl. Feisty rapper who laced Ice Cube's You Can Do It gets guest
help from E-40, Nelly and the St. Lunatics, MC Ren and Cube. Nov. 13.

G-Dep, Child of the Ghetto. Bad Boy rapper's first single was hit Let's Get It
with P. Diddy and Black Rob. Nov. 20.

Latrelle, Dirty Girl, Wrong Girl, Bad Girl. Singer is the first act signed to
Babyface's Nu America label. Dec. 4.

Other releases

Notable tributes and compilations include:

FUBU Entertainment, The Goodlife. Compilation introduces clothing line's new
record label. Guests include LL Cool J, Keith Murray, Erick Sermon, Nas and Nate
Dogg, Detroit rapper Drunken Master and New Orleans rapper JS. Sept. 25.

Labour of Love. The 13-track salute to Nick Lowe includes Dar Williams' All Men
Are Liars, Elvis Costello's Egypt, Marshall Crenshaw's Television and Tom
Petty's Cracking Up. Sept. 25.

Timeless. Lost Highway Records toasts Hank Williams on a tribute with
interpretations of his country classics by Bob Dylan, Tom Petty, Lucinda
Williams, Ryan Adams and Johnny Cash. Sept. 25.

Good Rockin' Tonight. Tribute to early rock featuring covers by Bob Dylan, Paul
McCartney, Chrissie Hynde and Jeff Beck.

Totally Hits Vol. 4. Latest installment in the counterpart to the Now series.
Sept. 25.

Groundwork -- Act to Reduce Hunger. The benefit CD, a companion to a weeklong
series of benefit concerts in Seattle, includes rare or previously unreleased
material by Madonna, Tom Waits, Moby, Emmylou Harris, Sheryl Crow and others.
Oct. 2.

Country Goes Raffi. On this 14-track homage to Raffi (who himself contributes
new song Blue White Planet), Alison Krauss covers Blessed Be, Marty Stuart sings
Naturally, and Asleep at the Wheel handles Bowling Song. Oct. 9.

Listen to What the Man Said. The tribute to Paul McCartney contains such remakes
as Semisonic's Jet, Robyn Hitchcock's Let Me Roll It, Matthew Sweet's Every
Night and World Party's Man We Was Lonely. Oct. 9.

Red Star Sounds Volume I: Soul Searchin'. Erykah Badu, India Arie, Macy Gray and
The Roots contribute to this neo-soul compilation. Oct. 9.

Give the People What They Want: Songs of the Kinks. Artists from Mudhoney to The
Fastbacks pay homage to The Kinks in interpretations of 19 tunes, including
Sunny Afternoon, Come Dancing and Waterloo Sunset. Nov. 6.

Now That's What I Call Music Vol. 7. Latest in the hit anthology series. Nov.
20.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, B/W, Scott Gries, ImageDirect (3); PHOTO, B/W, Tim Mosenfelder,
ImageDirect; PHOTO, B/W, Lester Cohen, WireImage.com; PHOTO, B/W, Evan Agostini,
ImageDirect; PHOTO, B/W, J.H. Thomas, World Wide; PHOTO, B/W, Mark Lennihan, AP;
PHOTO, B/W, Lesley Lyons; PHOTO, B/W, The Nashville Network; Cypress Hill:
Stoned Raiders mixes hip-hop and hard rock. DMX factor: The rapper's
autobiographical The Great Depression tackles the pains and pleasures that come
from romantic relationships and family connections. It's slated for an Oct. 23
release.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              116 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 26, 2001, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Stiller keeps faith in laughter

BYLINE: Claudia Puig

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 705 words

DATELINE: BEVERLY HILLS, Calif.

BEVERLY HILLS, Calif. -- A film satire of the fashion world set in New York --
with a subplot about an assassination attempt on a world leader -- could
potentially be dicey material in this climate of heightened sensitivity, says
Zoolander writer/director/star Ben Stiller. Or not.

"The movie is so goofy that it's a little bit of a stretch to look at it that
way," says Stiller, who plays a dimwitted supermodel named Zoolander.


But Stiller did entertain the thought of delaying its Friday release after the
terrorist attacks on New York and Washington. "It was very important to me not
to be offensive to anyone," he says. "I thought about it a lot."

Ultimately, the therapeutic value of laughter won out.

"I wouldn't want to not put out a comedy right now," Stiller says.

Still, in an effort to avoid offending -- or distracting -- his audience,
Stiller hastily edited out views of the World Trade Center in an establishing
shot of the New York skyline.

"I thought it would be jarring," says the 35-year-old actor, who was born and
raised in New York. "I don't know if I would have taken them out if it was a
year from now. I'm proud of the city. But since it was coming out at this time,
I thought (the shots) would just drag you out of the movie."

Stiller says he hopes people will see the movie for what it is: "just a really
silly, stupid comedy."

"No matter how it affects the box office," he says, "I do want people to have an
option to go out and see a comedy and forget about everything for a while."

During the interview, however, it wasn't always easy for Stiller -- who was
warmly low-key -- to follow his own advice.

"What I was really torn about was having to do the press for the movie," Stiller
says. "Everything feels insignificant. Entertainment pieces feel just kind of
ridiculous. I wish I could just not do anything and kind of let the movie just
be out there. I don't feel like being funny. My emotions change day to day, like
everybody's. It's just a weird time."

Though he doesn't feel like cracking jokes, Stiller has found himself needing
his own comedic catharsis.

"I heard a comedian on the radio yesterday doing some routine, and I started
laughing and I thought, 'Oh, my God, it feels so good to actually be laughing,'
" he says. "It was refreshing."

Also on the plus side for the actor -- known for his hilariously hapless
characters in Meet the Parents and There's Something About Mary -- is the focus
away from Hollywood glitz.

"There is a disproportionate amount of importance put on celebrities in this
culture," Stiller says. "And this tragedy has righted the scales in terms of who
the real heroes are: the people who are saving lives and risking their lives.
It's good for people to see that."

The dark-haired actor is the son of comic actors Jerry Stiller and Anne Meara.
He cast both in Zoolander, along with his wife of more than a year, Christine
Taylor. (Meara also had a small role in her son's feature directorial debut,
Reality Bites.)

"I'd never really worked with my dad, and it was fun because he's probably most
comfortable when he's working," Stiller says. "I guess I'm like that a little
bit, too.  . . .  My folks have always had a really healthy perspective on fame
and show business -- even from just never wanting to move out of New York."

Though he lives in Los Angeles now, Stiller speaks fondly of his birthplace.
"New York is the type of place where you can't really avoid all the different
facets of life because everybody's on top of each other. In L.A., people
segregate themselves off more because it's just possible to do that."

As the self-absorbed model in Zoolander, Stiller realizes there may be more to
life than "just being really, really, really good-looking." Stiller's endearing
personality makes Zoolander inherently likable.

"He's kind of like a lost little puppy," says the actor.

The events of Sept. 11 and their aftermath have left many feeling lost,
prompting Stiller to do some soul-searching.

"Something like this makes you kind of look inward and figure out what's
important to you in life," he says.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Melinda Sue Gordon, Paramount Pictures; Avoiding offense:
Ben Stiller edited out views of the World Trade Center for his new movie,
Zoolander.

TYPE: PEOPLE

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              120 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  October 10, 2001, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION
                              Correction Appended

Attacks will stop 'terrorist evil'

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 1518 words

On Sunday, American and allied forces started the assault on terrorism, and we
should thank the more than 40 countries that are joining the effort to rid the
world of this evil (" 'We will not fail'," News, Monday).

America was hit the hardest by the Sept. 11 terrorist attacks, but all free
societies in the world should feel the same threat.

The purpose of the strikes against Afghanistan is not to start a jihad or to
suppress or eliminate a religious culture or Islam itself. Rather, it is to seek
to stop an evil terrorist network and a country that supports it.


I support my government in this because I know our cause is right. All Americans
should be proud of our strength and our military forces.

We will continue to strike at terrorism and make sure that this kind of tragedy
never happens again, not only in the USA, but also the entire world.

Chad B. Harrison

Johnstown, Ohio

USA violates international law

While the United States' attack on Afghanistan may be seen as a legitimate
action of retaliation for the Sept. 11 attacks, the move -- though allegedly an
act of self-defense -- also turns a new page in international law.

By carrying out an armed attack against another country, the United States has
become a violator of international law. Although it may have few short-term
effects and it may even be a step toward creating new international law, one
must wonder about the path America has chosen.

Do we really want foreign governments to feel free to use force to conduct their
foreign policy? Do we really want to send the message that there are no or very
few constraints on the use of force?

Right now, America is the world's strongest military nation, but will it always
be so?

And when these inevitable changes in history occur, is America willing to expose
its citizens to the use of force that it has itself claimed is legal under
international law?

I hope we will think about how we, as Americans, will feel if others start to
apply to us the rules we have created. I wonder whether that already happened on
Sept. 11.

Curtis Doebbler

Department of Political Science

The American University in Cairo

Cairo, Egypt

Comments of a 'lunatic'

In watching the taped messages from Osama bin Laden calling for his
self-proclaimed "holy war," I realized how truly empty his self-deluded message
is ("Suspected mastermind salutes hijackers on video," News, Monday).

I've heard TV commentators portray bin Laden's message as "chilling," but I look
at it more as the ranting of a lunatic.

We Americans all know that the climate has changed with regard to personal
safety -- and we have bin Laden to thank for that.

As I look at bin Laden and his cohorts hiding in rocks and caves as he tries to
communicate his pitiful message with his convoluted definition of "jihad," I
don't feel fear. Instead, I shake my head and think of him as quite a fool. He's
the one who will live from now on in terror -- if he lives at all.

The days of his having free range to roam about are gone. He now has a price on
his head, and his ranting amounts to nothing more than whistling in the
graveyard.

George Rosete

Honolulu, Hawaii

Revenge is wrong answer

Are we crazy? Going to war?

Punish the terrorists and their organizations -- yes! War -- no!

War will create even more terrorism, and that, in turn, will escalate the war.
Innocent Muslims, including children, and more Americans will be killed. For
what purpose? The problem will still be there.

Why do some people have such an intense hatred of us that they are willing to
destroy themselves so they can destroy some of us? That is the question
Americans should be asking.

President Bush is telling us that the purpose behind the terrorist attacks was
to destroy our democratic system. That's not entirely true. Most Muslims admire
our way of government. What is hated is our arrogant foreign policy toward the
Arab countries, which has been going on for decades, if not for centuries.

An important first step in lessening Arab terrorism against Americans is to
eliminate the economic sanctions against Iraq. These have caused the deaths of
thousands of innocent people, including children. We need to get at the root of
all of this hatred toward America.

We are good, decent people, and most Americans don't understand why anyone would
want to hurt us. We must educate ourselves in U.S. foreign policy toward Arab
countries and try to put ourselves in their place.

As a fundamentalist Christian, retired military man, retired history teacher and
patriot, I say that revenge is not the answer. Ask the Russians about their
10-year war in Afghanistan. Some say it was the Soviet Union's Vietnam. Are we
entering Vietnam Part II?

Pray for peace. God Bless America!

Tom Losee

New Paltz, N.Y.

Attacks on terrorism justified

I was appalled to read in USA TODAY the views of Barbara Fontaine of
Provincetown, Mass., who said she is uncomfortable with the attacks and that
Americans don't understand that decades of U.S. foreign policy are to blame for
the hatred shown toward America ("Support, uncertainty mix as news spreads,"
News, Monday).

I don't know of any other country in the history of the world that gives so much
and receives so little in return for its efforts. We are the first ones to offer
aid to other countries when a national catastrophe occurs, and yet the United
States does not expect the same in return.

How many other nations in the world would send aid to a country's people while
locked in conflict with its ruling regime?

To not act against terrorist aggression is to condone it ourselves. Though I
have disagreed in the past with some of our foreign policies, there is nothing
on this Earth that justifies the barbaric actions taken against the thousands of
innocent civilians who perished on Sept. 11.

Michael T. Willis

Sacramento, Calif.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: October 11, 2001, Thursday

CORRECTION:  A Reuters photo caption in Wednesday's Letters should have
identified the aircraft as an F/A-18 Hornet.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Ruben Sprich, Reuters; Ready to strike: An F-14 Tomcat
waits to take off from the USS Carl Vinson aircraft carrier Monday for a second
round of airstrikes against Afghanistan.

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              123 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 11, 2001, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

U.S. finds a favorable political climate

BYLINE: Tom Squitieri

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 651 words

DATELINE: KARSHI, Uzbekistan

KARSHI, Uzbekistan -- This former Soviet republic is the only country bordering
Afghanistan that doesn't have a sizable anti-American faction in its government
or population. That makes it an exceptional location for the U.S. military for
geographical reasons as well as political reasons.

Its crumbling military infrastructure and a threat from its own, homegrown
terrorists, also made the offer to host U.S. forces on a former Soviet air base
a logical step.

Uzbek President Islam Karimov has said the country would allow humanitarian and
search-and-rescue missions from the base, which would be open to U.S. aircraft
and troops.


Karimov also said he would not permit airstrikes or special-forces missions to
be launched from Uzbek territory.

"We are not quite ready for that," he said. However, Karimov later said with a
smile that he did not expect to give much scrutiny to who the U.S. military puts
on the base.

The Uzbek air base of Khanabad, believed to host U.S. forces, was the former
Soviet Union's largest military facility during its 1979-89 war against
Afghanistan. Located just outside of Karshi, it is the home base to Uzbekistan's
ground-attack Su-24 fighter jets.

Although the Uzbek air force is able to use the base, Karimov said it needs
upgrades to the runway, navigation system and general infrastructure to meet
U.S. needs. "There are lots of problems to be solved," he said. He did not say
who would pay for the improvements.

The Khanabad base is just north and west of an extension of Turkmenistan's
border with Afghanistan, making it any incursions from Taliban forces unlikely.
And it is on the opposite side of the country from the strongholds of the local
Islamic terrorist movement.

The nearby town of Karshi falls in one of those geographically gray areas of the
world. British Broadcasting Corp. and Voice of America broadcasts do not reach
local radios. Telephone service is an adventure.

Up until now, the biggest U.S. presence in Karshi was a Peace Corps operation.
It was pulled out after Sept. 11. The terrorist threat within the country has
been largely subdued, in an effort human rights groups call severe and
repressive. Karimov has acknowledged "problems" regarding human rights and that
his government's approach to suspected terrorists has been criticized by U.S.
officials. But he insisted his government has made important changes and the
"new dynamic" has "translated into a new U.S. attitude."

The new cooperation is by no means the first. U.S. special forces have been
training and working with elements of the Uzbek military for about 3 years and
Uzbekistan is a member of NATO's Partnership for Peace program, which provides
contacts between the Western alliance and many of the former Soviet republics.

However, the new developments provide an opportunity to exploit Uzbekistan's
enthusiasm for partnership with the U.S. mission along with useful vestiges of
the Soviet mindset:

 * No one in the government leaks information.

 * Most of the citizenry is fearful of talking to the media or outsiders.

 * Movements outside the capital of Tashkent are often monitored and controlled.


 * The government doesn't shy from bouncing foreigners from the country.

For example, a Russian TV crew that filmed an unmarked U.S. military cargo plane
landing at Khanabad 2 weeks ago was thrown out of the country.

A formal agreement between the United States and Uzbekistan is to be signed
regarding the use of the base and Karimov promised to make the document public.
But what is not likely to be made public is how much rent the U.S. military will
pay for the base.

Karimov stressed that he expected the U.S. military to stay, even after its
mission in Afghanistan. "We do not want to be used and manipulated," he said,
"and not left alone to face the terrorist menace."

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, USA TODAY (MAP)

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              138 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 11, 2001, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Capitalism comes to German town

BYLINE: Greg Farrell

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 1442 words

DATELINE: CHEMNITZ, Germany

CHEMNITZ, Germany -- East Germany and its brand of socialism may be dead, but
the image of its patron saint, Karl Marx, still glowers over this gritty city.

Only now, instead of staring out at the annual May Day parade celebrating
communism, the statue gazes out at a McDonald's and shoppers who flock to the
department stores and retail boutiques that have sprung up in the town's center.


It took more than a decade, but capitalism has finally put down roots in this
industrial city of 260,000, once known as Karl Marx Stadt, or "Karl Marx City."

New enterprises are flourishing. Chemnitz has become a major exporter of machine
tools, engine components and other industrial products.


"It's been a hard road and a lot of work, but there has been a surprising
comeback," says Mayor Peter Seifert, who has championed enterprise zones to lure
new businesses.

With an average disposable income of $ 12,394, Chemnitz ranks highest among the
cities of eastern Germany, excluding Berlin.

For Americans seeking overseas investment opportunities, Chemnitz has a skilled
workforce and first-class infrastructure. But instead of the high costs and
governmental red tape common throughout Western Europe, it offers generous
incentives for start-ups.

"Chemnitz has been successful at business development," helped by its background
in manufacturing, says Karl Brinki of Berlin's German Institute for Business
Research.

The city is best known in the USA as the birthplace of Olympic figure-skating
champion Katarina Witt, but in pre-war Germany, Chemnitz was renowned for its
manufacturing prowess. In the 1920s and '30s, the German automobile industry
prospered in the Saxon countryside here.

Today, that industry has returned. At a new Volkswagen plant near here, 6,000
workers build Passats sold in the USA. The factory also supports 500 area
suppliers with 40,000 workers.

But there's a different look to the manufacturing industry around Chemnitz now.
A decade ago, the region was home to 1,152 companies that employed 240,000
people and generated $ 4.6 billion in sales. Last year, 1,200 companies
employing fewer than 100,000 people racked up $ 13 billion in sales.

While hundreds of firms spring up around Chemnitz each year, many of the
region's success stories involve new management breathing life into moribund,
state-supported enterprises that couldn't compete after the fall of the Berlin
Wall. Examples:

 * Niles-Simmons. A manufacturer of lathes and other machine tools, it was
originally based in Albany, N.Y., but came east in 1991 hunting a firm that
would complement its U.S. operations. "I knew the design and manufacturing
know-how was here," says Chairman Hans Naumann, a German-born American citizen.

Naumann paid $ 6.8 million for a machine-tool plant once part of the
Niles-Simmons family, agreeing to keep the firm staffed at 250 people for 2
years at a cost of $ 453,000 a month. Meanwhile, the Russian government reneged
on its contract, leaving Naumann's new division with no clients at first.

But the firm developed new product lines and soon regained its footing. Since
1994, the company has grown from 190 employees to 308. Sales from the German
operation will be about $ 45 million this year. Niles-Simmons' global operations
generate annual sales of $ 127 million, and headquarters are now in Chemnitz.

 * Zi Kaltumformung. Before reunification, SKL was a heavy machinery
conglomerate that employed 17,000. After the absorption of the German Democratic
Republic into West Germany, the firm couldn't stand alone.

In 1994, Dietmar Raabe bought SKL's parts division, which he had worked for,
with money raised from 44 colleagues. Sales were zero. But Raabe and the firm's
engineers devised and patented new methods of shaping metal piping into
customized parts, quickly and cheaply.

"We had to come up with new technical solutions," he says from his office
outside of Chemnitz. "Otherwise, we would not have been able to compete."

The company now employs 81 staffers and has $ 5.4 million in annual sales. Its
70 clients include BMW, Mercedes-Benz, Porsche and Detroit Diesel.

 * Union Bohrwerke. This manufacturer of boring and milling tools was founded in
1852. After reunification, various West German firms promised to rebuild the
company, but by 1996, it was bankrupt.

A year later, Kurt Hermans and 100 former employees purchased it and began
rebuilding. In the past 4 years, they've taken the company from bankruptcy to $
21 million in sales and 173 workers.

"We are proud of what we have accomplished here," says Gert Reichelt, deputy
director of the local chamber of commerce, producing a chart showing a steady
rise in small to midsize companies in the region the past 5 years.

The successes did not come easily. "For the people of this region, reunification
was positive," Reichelt says. "But for the businesses, it was a negative. We
used to export 70% of our products to other countries in the Communist Bloc.
That just disappeared."

Into the vacuum stepped West German businesses. The government offered generous
tax incentives to firms that took over failing enterprises in the East, and West
German firms gobbled up decrepit companies.

More often than not, once the tax incentives expired, the companies shut down
the eastern branches.

"What happened in some cases was that the West German firm simply took the money
and put it into its own operations," Naumann says.

In a climate where many West German companies viewed the East German states as
colonies to be squeezed, indigenous firms faced daunting challenges, some of
which linger:

 * A talent drain. Many of the region's best and brightest -- skilled engineers
in their 30s -- were snapped up by West German firms offering 30% to 50% higher
salaries. In the past decade, the population of Chemnitz has dropped from
310,000 to 260,000. After this exodus, businesses are awash in older employees
who lack entrepreneurial skills.

 * Competition. Start-ups in the east have to compete directly with western
firms that have deeper pockets, established customer bases and market muscle.

 * Cultural bias. More than a decade after reunification, Germany remains a
nation divided. Many western Germans resent the fact that billions of marks --
their future pensions -- were transferred to their poorer cousins. Some view the
easterners as lazy. Citizens in the east regard their richer counterparts as
arrogant know-it-alls who are out to rip them off.

"The stone wall came down, but a psychological wall has gone up in its place,"
Raabe says.

Naumann has no illusions about the challenges of doing business in the east.

"We are educating people here at the Technical University in Chemnitz, and we
have made engineering attractive again. But young engineers, before they
graduate, are getting big contracts from West German companies. I can offer a
starting engineer 80,000 deutsche marks (about $ 36,400), but in West Germany,
they can get 100,000 to 120,000 DM, plus a bonus, for working fewer hours."

During a tour of Zi's manufacturing operations in Oberlungwitz, Raabe complains
about the lack of practical engineering students graduating from Chemnitz's
Technical University.

"Most of the students are studying business administration or new media," says
Raabe, getting his hands dirty inspecting newly forged metal parts. "For me,
practical application is very important. Some young people think they're
engineers because a computer program solved their problem. But creativity comes
out of your head, not out of a computer."

Firms like these are reversing a disturbing trend. For much of the past decade,
western businesses have been selling products here, but not buying much in
return. In the past 3 years, that's begun to change. The region around Chemnitz
now exports 35% of its manufactured goods, up from 14% a decade ago.

Throughout the wrenching switch from command economy to free market economy,
Karl Marx has remained a constant. Even when citizens voted to go back to the
city's original name, Chemnitz, they decided to leave Marx's statue, "the head"
as it's known, standing in the town center.

Behind the statue, inscribed on the facade of a building, is Marx's famous call
to arms: "Workers of the world, unite!"

Those words still have some resonance in these parts.

Union Bohrwerke, the firm rescued from bankruptcy by local workers, is 100%
employee-owned.

"If Karl Marx knew that," Hermans says, "he'd stand up in his grave and laugh!"

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, USA TODAY (MAP); PHOTO, B/W, Wolfgang Schmidt for USA
TODAY; Thesis and antithesis: Residents of Chemnitz, Germany, opted to keep this
Karl Marx statue in the town center, where it overlooks a McDonald's.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              139 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  December 12, 2001, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Fill 'er up -- with borax? Chrysler testing new fuel cell

BYLINE: David Kiley

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 372 words

DATELINE: DETROIT

DETROIT -- DaimlerChrysler says it is developing technology to power vehicles
with hydrogen fuel cells that use a mixture of sodium borohydride, commonly
known as borax, and water.

The borax and water deliver hydrogen to the fuel cell.

It's an environmentally friendly technology. If every car in the USA were
powered by the system by 2020, it would consume only about 5% of the world's
borax supply. And nearly all of it would be recycled. The system also produces
no emissions and no greenhouse gases.


Borax, a chalky mineral, is dug out of dry lake beds. Besides Borax brand
detergent, borates, a term used to describe a variety of borax-based compounds,
find their way into everything from cookware to medicine.

A Chrysler minivan currently is being tested with the fuel cell. It takes in a
tank full of borax infused with hydrogen plus water. A transformer in the engine
siphons off the hydrogen to power a fuel cell. The spent borax is held onboard
until the tank is refilled. The driver then pumps the old borax into a holding
tank.

The minivan has a range of 300 miles per tank, comparable to a gasoline-powered
vehicle.

Thomas Moore, vice president of DaimlerChrysler's technical affairs research and
development group, says the automaker likes the fact that the borax can be
recycled and the small space the system takes up in the vehicle.

"We aren't saying this is the technology we are going with over all others,"
Moore says. "But we find it compelling, especially since the system has a longer
range than any other fuel cell we know of to date."

Jacob Brouwer of the National Fuel Cell Research Center at the University of
California at Irvine says a borax delivery system has as good a chance at
becoming one of the surviving fuel cell technologies as compressed hydrogen.
"Like with any alternative fuels, the cost of the infrastructure is the big
question," he says.

Scientists and automakers expect fast growth in hydrogen fuel cell technology
from 2010 to 2020, with as many as three delivery systems for hydrogen in use.
Most fuel cell technology being developed relies on compressed hydrogen tanks or
systems that convert gasoline to hydrogen for delivery.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              145 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      July 27, 2001, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Location, location, location

BYLINE: Laura Bly

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1408 words

N42 DEGREES 02.054 W88 DEGREES 12.329 Forget the poison ivy and needle-sharp
brambles.

Never mind the 90-degree heat, the sour blackberries or the whimpered entreaty
from his 7-year-old daughter, Samantha, issued 10 minutes after leaving the
parking lot: "My feet hurt. Can we go back?"

Dave April is a man on a mission. Clutching a palm-size Global Positioning
System (GPS) receiver in one hand and a computer printout with latitude and
longitude coordinates in the other, the 37-year-old software developer trudges
doggedly through a suburban Chicago forest preserve, intent on finding a geek's
version of buried treasure.

So what if the loot in question may be nothing more than a Tupperware container
stocked with a logbook, a tin of Altoids mints and a pack of AAA batteries?

"This is a carrot to dangle in front of the kids when they say they don't want
to go for a hike," argues April, swatting at an errant mosquito as his
10-year-old son, Zach, consults his own GPS unit for the family's latest
position.


"And it's a great excuse to get outside on a sunny day."

Often equated to a high-tech Easter egg hunt, the adventure game dubbed
geocaching ("geo" for geography, "cache" for secret stash) was conceived in May
2000. That's when the Defense Department stopped scrambling the signals beamed
to GPS receivers from an orbiting network of 24 satellites designed to track
troop movements. That, in turn, allowed sailors, hikers and other recreational
users to nail their positions anywhere on the planet within 25 feet, vs. the
previous standard of about 330 feet.

Within a week of the government's announcement, an Oregon GPS enthusiast planted
a 5-gallon bucket (containing a slingshot, can of beans and software), posted a
notice on an Internet newsgroup, and had his Portland-area stash discovered by
two other gadget-crazed techies. That July, Seattle computer programmer Jeremy
Irish created a Web site, www.geocaching.com, letting would-be Marco Polos find
location coordinates and descriptions of caches placed by a handful of fellow
addicts.

Barely a year later, the hobby draws an estimated 30,000 to 50,000 participants,
toting handheld GPS receivers that cost as little as $ 100. Irish's site, the
most popular of dozens devoted to geocaching, has logged more than 4,100 caches
in 50 states and 60 countries and adds an average of 200 new caches each week.

Even Hollywood is taking notice. In a bid to lure Net-based fans to their new
movie Planet of the Apes, 20th Century Fox launched a worldwide scavenger hunt
that posts coordinates online and offers prizes for the first geocacher to reach
a stash.

The rules of the game are simple: When you find the cache, take something, leave
something, and sign the logbook. But as Irish readily admits, the "goody boxes"
stuffed into tree logs or under rock ledges are hardly the makings of a Robert
Louis Stevenson treasure.

In keeping with geocaching's geeky heritage, "you see a lot of tech stuff," says
Irish, from electronic world-time clocks to a now-antique 9600-baud modem. Many
cache owners include a disposable camera, in hopes that discoverers will
preserve the moment and leave the camera behind. Among the more unusual items: a
roll of toilet paper, a potato masher and a "Marry me, Debbie!" note. (The
message, discovered in a cache near Ann Arbor, Mich., on July 3, found its
target: She said yes.)

Many caches are hidden near trails or pathways on public land, within a
half-hour's drive of a major city. But as the sport has grown, so have the
number of offbeat and/or challenging locations -- from a sunken tugboat in the
Red Sea (scuba gear required) to the base of a waterfall on the French
Polynesian island of Moorea.

One cache, planted earlier this month near the Cape Scott lighthouse at the
northwest tip of Vancouver Island, B.C., puts the "if you hide it, they will
come" theory to the test. It requires a rigorous, 15.5-mile hike in often
forbidding weather -- and, according to the owner's entry at Geocaching.com,
"simply consists of a logbook inside a waterproof pouch."

The "Dutch Clog" cache that April chose for today's outing promises far fewer
obstacles. Rated 2 stars on a difficulty scale of one to five, it's in a popular
regional park a short drive from the family's Lake Zurich home, about 15 miles
from O'Hare International Airport.

It should be a cakewalk: Start from the parking lot, follow well-marked trails
through a gentle landscape of prairie grass and oak trees, and wind up at the
designated coordinates an hour or so later. No need to worry about forgetting
where you left the car: April's Garmin receiver, like other GPS devices,
includes an "electronic breadcrumb trail" that lets users retrace their steps.

According to the instructions posted on Geocaching.com, the container is planted
about 200 feet off the trail. The site even features two downloadable photos of
the hiding place, clues which April -- a relative newbie who has found four
other caches and planted one of his own -- ignores as "too easy."

Like the game's other predominately male participants, April is not the type who
leaves zeroes flashing on his VCR. Already the owner of a Palm V organizer,
digital camera and four computers, the self-described "early adopter" couldn't
resist buying a GPS receiver to put some technological spice in his family's
outdoor adventures.

"You could call these marriage-saver devices," he jokes. "Every guy wants one
because they're cool, and every wife likes them because now they've got a map
and know where they're going without having to stop and ask for directions."

But as the already warm morning seeps into a steamy afternoon, April's wife,
Dina, seems more resigned than revved.

She's still remembering their South Dakota vacation a week earlier, when Dave
persuaded another family to help them hunt for a cache in the Black Hills
National Forest.

What looked like 1.5 miles on the map turned out to be a 4-mile slog through
steep terrain, with whining kids and skeptical wives in tow. Worse yet, they
never discovered the cache with its coveted Roads and Recreation CD.

"I don't think geocaching has anything to do with finding an actual item," says
Dina, pausing to pour a cup of water for the family's golden retriever, Mac, aka
Mac the Geocaching Wonderdog.

"It's the whole hunter-gatherer thing: You're proving you can go into the wild
and make it back alive."

Death, unless it's from heatstroke, seems a remote possibility this time around.
And despite the rising temperatures, the hike is a pleasant one, complete with a
cameo by a white-tailed deer.

But by the time Dave and Zach line up their north-south coordinates, Samantha
and her mother are dreaming of Dairy Queen and an air-conditioned van.

They'll have to wait: Though the cache should now be 200 feet off the trail to
the east, the explorers are confronted by an impenetrable thicket of brambles.

"No problem," says the ever-optimistic April. "The trail probably just curves
around, so if we keep following it, we can approach the cache site from the east
rather than the west."

Sure enough, the trail does wind back to the north. But after 45 minutes of
clambering through branches and poison ivy in what must be the correct location,
even Zach loses it.

"I hate geocaching," he moans, scratching a suspiciously red knee.

Baffled and dejected, April volunteers to pick up the van by taking a shortcut
along a nearby highway.

He heads east.

The van is north.

Recalls a shellshocked April: "I had the distinct pleasure of stopping a passing
police officer and saying, " 'Uh, sir, I was out in the woods with my family
playing a game that uses these GPS units to point you with an unbelievable
degree of accuracy to a given spot on Earth and I, uh, am lost. Can I please
have a ride?' "

Hours later, alone in front of his computer, April discovers his fatal error. By
adding an extra zero to the north-south position of N 42 degrees 2.54, he wound
up off the mark by eight-tenths of a mile.

No matter.

Like Magellan and Columbus before him, April won't let a few wrong turns keep
him grounded.

Samantha and Dina may be tough sells, but Zach is ready to give geocaching
another try . . .  as long as they steer clear of that poison ivy.


LOAD-DATE: August 03, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, USA TODAY (DIAGRAM); PHOTO, Color, Leslie Smith Jr., USA
TODAY; PHOTO, Color, Anne Ryan, USA TODAY; PHOTO, B/W, Anne Ryan, USA TODAY;
Maybe it's up here: In Illinois' Poplar Creek Forest Preserve, Zach April gets a
boost from his dad, Dave, so he can check for a cache in a tree closest to the
GPS coordinates. Whole world in his hands: Dave April uses a Garmin eTrex GPS
receiver. Can't we locate a Dairy Queen, instead? Samantha April, 7, gets a
sympathetic hug from her mom, Dina, during their forest expedition.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              147 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 10, 2001, Monday, FINAL EDITION

This season's gifts carry tidings of comfort, joy

BYLINE: Bruce Horovitz

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1653 words

Everyone knows the holiday drill. Go to the store. Buy lots of stuff. Dole it
out to family and friends and hope they don't stick it away in the closet.

But this year, the drill is different.

With vivid images of Sept. 11 still on the minds of many Americans, this holiday
season is less about Furbys and faux furs and more about gifts with meaning.
Gifts that convey warmth. Gifts that are personalized. Gifts with family ties.
Gifts that reflect simpler times. And even gifts made by the giver.


"People are trying to make everything familiar and cozy. Everyone just wants to
chill," says cultural guru Marian Salzman.

Sounds nice. But where does that leave the retail giants that depend on the
typical extravagance of holiday gift giving? What's a Neiman Marcus or an FAO
Schwarz or a Bloomingdale's to do?

Get with the program. Consumers are asking for classics, so all are promoting
gifts with strong elements of comfort and familiarity, if not outright
nostalgia:

 * Bloomie's gets framed. "People haven't felt comfortable enough to be
indulgent," says Bloomingdale's CEO Michael Gould. Instead, he says, they're
looking for gifts that convey emotional warmth. One of the hottest sellers at
Bloomingdale's this season: picture frames.

Gould says he understands that. His own Manhattan apartment is decked with about
300 family photos.

 * Neiman Marcus gets nostalgic. The company might be best known for its lavish
Christmas Book catalog, but there's something besides glitz and glitter in its
gift guide this year.

"We're seeing a return to more traditional gifts," says Karen Katz, CEO of
Neiman Marcus Direct. "Baby boomers are reverting back to their childhood."

Witness: a $ 249 record turntable and radio set that's a huge seller this year.
Another big seller: $ 129 retro toasters.

 * FAO Schwarz gets cuddly. Classic board games, wooden toys, Lego sets and
stuffed animals all are big sellers again at FAO Schwarz -- particularly classic
teddy bears, CEO Bud Johnson says.

"I call them feel-good toys," Johnson says. "People tell us they want to spend
more time with their children. The best way to do that may be with a classic
toy."

 * Sears gets the picture. Sales of family portraits are up in double digits at
Sears Family Portrait Studio, says Stephen Glickman, marketing chief. And one in
five families are asking for the American flag as a backdrop -- twice as many as
normally ask for it.

 * Jo-Ann's gets stitched. Jo-Ann Stores, a national fabric and craft store
chain, has seen its biggest-ever demand for sewing machines, CEO Alan Rosskamm
says. The machines aren't cheap. They sell for $ 129 to $ 1,500. "People are
looking for any way to express themselves," he says.

 * Body Shop gets on home. What a difference a year makes. Last year, the big
holiday sellers at the Body Shop's 300 domestic stores were fragrances for
wearing out on the town.

Not this year. Shoppers are focusing on fragrances for the home, such as
cranberry-scented candles and oils. "People aren't thinking much about going
out," says Peter Saunders, CEO of Body Shop USA.

Seeking some meaning

Many consumers themselves are mired in an unfamiliar emotional quandary. They're
wrestling with the cosmic answer to a question that appeared to be much simpler
in holidays past: What makes a gift special?

For many, the answer used to be easy: how much it cost.

But this year, the determining factor of what's special is less about the price
and more about whether it's handmade or, perhaps, comes with some inherent
personal significance, such as a family link. Or maybe it just makes somebody
feel a tad better.

The fallout from all this is a holiday gift-buying season like no other. Some
folks are even calling it their first Christmas -- or Hanukkah -- with real
meaning.

Take Robert Hornak. Last year, the Birmingham, Ala., resident and his wife,
Bentley, waited until Christmas Eve to race over to the local Toys R Us store
and drive off with what he calls "$ 1,000 worth of big, plastic stuff."

Not this year. He's still spending the $ 1,000 or so, but not on plastic. For
his 4-year-old twin sons, Cade and Davis, he's building a model train set. It
cost him upward of $ 500. And he'll spend upward of 100 hours working on it.

For his 2-year-old daughter, Elizabeth, he's building a model dollhouse. Figure
$ 300 for the house and $ 200 more for the stuff that goes inside it -- and 50
hours of late-night toil trying to make the thing.

For Hornak, who travels often as a medical equipment sales executive, the events
of Sept. 11 changed everything. "I could have been snuffed out on one of those
flights as easily as anyone," he says.

He's now embarrassed at what he bought his kids last Christmas: a giant plastic
play fort, a plastic art center, a big plastic sandbox. "I didn't even put the
stuff together," he says. "I just loaded it in the car and set it out.

"It's a very different Christmas," he says.

It also will be a very different Christmas for Wayne Williams. Last year, his
six grandchildren all received toys and cash from him. But this year, the
Atlanta resident will be giving each of his grandchildren framed photos of their
great-grandparents, along with short biographies.

"This is a year unlike any other," says Williams, a regional sales manager. "We
wanted a family theme -- not toys."

He figures on spending about $ 50 on each of the framed photos. The kids are
just 6 to 12 years old, so he knows he might get some quizzical looks over these
gifts. But he doesn't mind. "The value will be in the years to come," he says.

Folks who live near Kim and Steven Allmon of Chesterton, Ind., might feel heat
from their oven.

Kim is cooking batches of her favorite cookies for 40 friends and relatives.
Each batch will be sent in a Mason jar, along with a cookbook that Kim has
assembled of her favorite cookie recipes.

"If your family knows that you've put love in it," says Kim, a church secretary,
"that means a lot more than going out and spending $ 20 on each of them."

Last year, Jon Desenberg of Washington sent his sister earrings for Christmas.
And his brother-in-law got a sweater. That was just the beginning. "It just
seems so ridiculous now," he says. "You look at all the gifts and ask: Why?"

This year, the family decided to cut down on gifts and, instead, send money to
charity. Other gifts that Desenberg gives will be personalized. His sister
collects postcards, so he went online and found her some new ones. And his
brother-in-law is a big fan of Syracuse University. Desenberg went to the
school's Web site and bought him a collectible item.

As for his girlfriend, last year he bought her a necklace. But this year,
they're pooling their gift money to buy some hardwood floors for their home. "We
plan on spending more time at home," Desenberg explains.

Deanra Whiteaker's 80-year-old mother spends most of her time at home. She has
lost much of her vision, and other ailments have made her mostly homebound.

Since the terrorist attacks, Whiteaker has begun to personalize every gift she
gets for her mom. "It shouldn't have taken these horrible events to make us
think differently," says Whiteaker, who is retired and lives in New Lisbon, N.J.
"We should have re-evaluated what's important a long time ago."

She's buying embroidered, angora bed socks to help warm her mom's feet and down
blankets with satin trim, all things that are soft and warm.

Getting back in touch

The catalog that she purchased many of her mother's gifts from, Soft
Surroundings, is having a banner holiday season. Sales are up double digits
compared with last year, CEO Robin Sheldon says.

The softer the item, the better it sells, she says. Sales of its Old Softy
Shirt, an all-cotton sweatshirt replacement, are up 16%, she says. Sales of its
all-silk Dream Sack -- silk bedding made for travelers -- are up more than 10%.
And sales of its Aroma Bear, a stuffed bear that, when placed in the microwave,
emits soothing heat and a pleasant aroma, are up 14%.

"We all have a strange sense of guilt" for the sales spike, Sheldon says. But,
she adds, "We're giving comfort to those who need it."

The folks at Applause figure they're giving some comfort, too. The company is
one of the country's biggest makers of plush animals. And after nearly going out
of business last year, things are suddenly looking up.

Sales of its classic plush teddy bears are up 20% compared with last year, CEO
Robert Solomon says. Sales of its familiar Raggedy Ann and Andy dolls are up
nearly 50%. And it's sold out of Naptime Pals, soft security blankets tucked
inside an animal-like plush pillow.

"I'm only sorry for the reason," Solomon says.

No surprise: Religious gifts are enjoying record holiday sales. Neiman Marcus is
selling out of cross necklaces, earrings and bracelets. The cross has emerged as
the catalog's best-selling jewelry item. At Jubilee Religious Gifts in Chicago,
there's a strong surge in sales of its specialty Baby Jesus statues, owner
Harvey Rodin says.

Then there are pets as gifts.

Shortly after Sept. 11, pet adoptions jumped threefold at the SPCA in San
Francisco. The interest hasn't let up. Some people are buying $ 58 pet adoption
gift certificates for friends.

"People aren't putting it off anymore," says Ed Sayres, president of the
chapter. "There's a profound difference between sitting alone reflecting on
global loss and doing so with an animal on your lap."

But the SPCA-initialed pet toys and balls that the group sells online aren't
selling very well this holiday. Instead, folks are buying their pets sweaters
and blankets. And beds.

And, yes, letting them open them early.

***

Contributing: Barbara Hansen

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, Color (5); PHOTO, B/W, Karim Shamsi-Basha for USA TODAY; Heat
him up: Soft Surroundings' Aroma Bear emits a pleasing scent and warmth. <>Berry
good: Neiman Marcus sells Burberry earmuffs. <>Round and round: Nostalgic Music
System sells for $249. <>A stitch in time: White sewing machine sold for $129.
<>Smelling red: The Body Shop features cranberry scents.<>He's been working on
the railroad: Robert Hornak is building a train set for twins Cade, left, and
Davis, for Christmas this year. He's also building a dollhouse for daughter
Elizabeth.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              148 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  February 21, 2001, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Blair will be calling on a very different American leader

BYLINE: David J. Lynch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 546 words

DATELINE: LONDON


LONDON -- Prime Minister Tony Blair, who cultivated a warm friendship
with the last occupant of the Oval Office, sets out today on a
transatlantic journey that will test his ability to repeat the
feat with a new president representing a different political philosophy.

During a 36-hour working visit that begins Friday, the British
leader and President Bush face an agenda crowded with discussions
on Iraq, the proposed U.S. national missile-defense system and
world trade. The missile-defense system in particular has emerged
as a budding controversy here because it would require the use
of a British radar installation. But officials in both capitals
say no decisions are expected on that or other questions. Instead,
the meeting is being billed as a chance for the leaders to develop
the rapport that cemented British-American relations under Bill
Clinton.


"When you're dealing at the international level, the personal
relationship matters, obviously," Blair said in an interview
with American journalists. "And there are times that you have
that across the political divide."

Blair will be the first European leader to meet the new American
president, something officials eager to promote London's role
as a "bridge" between Europe and the United States take seriously.
The two leaders have spoken twice by telephone since Bush was
certified as having won the contested U.S. presidential election.
Blair is scheduled to arrive in Washington late Thursday after
a stop in Canada.

Bush will meet a politician who, after winning a landslide victory
in May 1997, often was described as a Clinton clone.

Both Blair and Clinton were ambitious baby boomers with lawyer
wives. Their critics accused both men of being soulless political
chameleons. And like Clinton, Blair won power by retooling a left-of-center
party for a markets-oriented age. The two leaders became friends
while promoting a "Third Way" between traditional socialism
and laissez-faire capitalism.

Now, Blair seeks to rebuild close personal links to Washington
under far different circumstances. In Bush, he will find a president
whose domestic views are well to the British prime minister's
political right, and a U.S. leader who is widely regarded in Europe
as uninterested in world affairs.

Speaking at No. 10 Downing Street, the shirtsleeves-clad prime
minister previewed his thoughts on the main issues likely to figure
in this weekend's talks. Seated in a red leather chair, Blair:

* Assailed Iraqi President Saddam Hussein as "an extremely
dangerous man," while opening the door to modifications of the
allies' tough stance on Iraq. "The policy of containment must
stay," he said. "In the longer term, we need to look at a better
sanctions and (weapons) inspection regime."

* Called for launching a new round of global trade talks
after the "tragic" failure of the previous effort, which collapsed
in December 1999 amid protests in Seattle.

* Described Clinton as a "close friend" but parried a
question as to whether he would contact the former president while
in the USA. Blair is scheduled to meet with Vice President Cheney
on Friday before taking a helicopter to Camp David, the presidential
retreat in Maryland.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Pool photo by Ian Waldie; Blair: "Personal relationship
matters, obviously," in world affairs.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              155 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 24, 2001, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Attacks throw harsh spotlight on CIA director

BYLINE: Barbara Slavin and Susan Page

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 1734 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- The first episode of a new CBS television series on the CIA cast
the intelligence agency as the hero: It thwarted a terrorist bombing of London's
Harrods department store by followers of Osama bin Laden.

But the episode, scheduled to debut last week, has been scrapped. So has a party
that CIA Director George Tenet planned to celebrate the premiere of The Agency.
Instead, he is hunkered down at headquarters, scrambling to recoup from the
worst intelligence failure in U.S. history. In real life, the CIA and other
government agencies did not thwart the attacks by bin Laden's terrorist network.


Down the road, after recovery efforts at the World Trade Center and Pentagon are
finished and a military response has proceeded, supporters of Tenet are braced
for a round of recriminations that -- fairly or not -- could target him.


As director of central intelligence, Tenet not only heads the CIA but also
oversees intelligence gathering by 12 other federal agencies, including the FBI,
the Pentagon and the National Security Agency. The other high-profile official
with key responsibilities, FBI Director Louis Freeh, resigned 2 months before
the attacks. His replacement, Robert Mueller, has the defense of being new on
the job.

"I like George Tenet," says Senate Intelligence Committee Vice Chairman Richard
Shelby, R-Ala., Tenet's most vocal critic. "I think he's a good man, and he's
done some good things -- but there have been a lot of failures on his watch."

Shelby says Tenet lacks "the stature to control all the intelligence agencies.
In a sense, he is in charge, but in reality, he's not." Shelby says the job
needs someone with the standing of Secretary of State Colin Powell or Defense
Secretary Donald Rumsfeld.

The CIA has had successes under Tenet, including pre-empting terrorist attacks
on the United States during the millennium celebrations. Some successes can't be
revealed because the details would help enemies mount new attacks, CIA officials
say.

But the failures have been impossible to hide. They include:

 * A lack of coordination among U.S. agencies that could have provided an early
warning about the Sept. 11 attacks.

 * Last year's attack on the USS Cole, which killed 17 sailors, and the 1998
bombings of two U.S. embassies in East Africa that killed 224 people. Both have
been linked to bin Laden.

 * The 1998 nuclear tests by India and Pakistan, which were not predicted by the
CIA.

Tenet declined to be interviewed. He said through a spokesman that he was too
busy dealing with the current crisis. His supporters -- and he has many among
current and former CIA officials -- say it's unfair to blame any one individual
or agency. They note that the attacks succeeded in part by exploiting weaknesses
in airport security and immigration, areas not under Tenet's control.

"There are a lot of different players," says the first President Bush's CIA
director, Robert Gates. "To single Tenet out is just flat mistaken."

"He's the best we've had in a long time," says Bandar bin Sultan, Saudi Arabia's
ambassador to Washington for 2 decades. He says Tenet developed close contacts
with security services in the Middle East as he tried to negotiate an
Israeli-Palestinian cease-fire, and those contacts could be crucial in the new
U.S. campaign against terrorism. "President Bush has developed confidence in him
in a very short period of time," Bandar says. "I doubt very much that he will be
made a scapegoat."

"I think it's at least premature" to speculate about whether Tenet will take the
fall, says Brent Scowcroft, national security adviser to the elder Bush and
chairman of the current president's Foreign Intelligence Advisory Board.
"Whether this is an intelligence failure, I don't know. It's a failure in the
sense that we didn't know anything about it. The question is, should we have
known about it? And I don't know what the answer to that is."

Scowcroft praises Tenet for restoring morale at the CIA and reorganizing the
agency to deal with a post-Cold War world. But he acknowledges that a "blame
game" could be ahead. "It's the favorite game in Washington," he says.

A sudden call

On Sept. 11, Tenet was eating breakfast at the St. Regis Hotel in downtown
Washington with former senator David Boren of Oklahoma, Tenet's patron as he
rose to the top of the intelligence community. In 1988, when Boren was chairman
of the Senate Intelligence Committee, he named Tenet as his staff director. Now
president of the University of Oklahoma, Boren says the two were chatting about
their families when CIA bodyguards suddenly converged on their table and handed
Tenet a cellphone.

"He was very collected," Boren recalls. "He said he would be at the CIA in 15
minutes, what people he needed in the room and what he needed to talk about."

Then he was gone.

Since then, it's been grueling days in his office, meals in the CIA cafeteria,
consultations with the counterterrorism staff and presidential briefings at the
White House and Camp David. National Security Council meetings often begin with
Bush asking Tenet for an update on the latest information before the discussion
of options begins.

Tenet, 48, a warm but blunt native New Yorker, is the son of Greek immigrants
who ran a diner. He likes to chomp on unlit cigars, a habit that prompted CIA
staffers to nickname him "Puff Daddy."

A former deputy director of the CIA, he got the top job 4 years ago after
President Clinton's first choice, Anthony Lake, withdrew his nomination under
grilling by Shelby's committee. When Bush took over, he asked Tenet to stay in
the job. Influential figures from Boren to Bush's father urged the new president
to keep Tenet.

After the attacks, Bush went out of his way to offer Tenet private reassurances,
a White House official says. When Vice President Cheney was asked later whether
Tenet should stay on, he said he had "great confidence" in Tenet. "It would be a
tragedy if somehow we were to go back now in the search for scapegoats and say
that George Tenet or any other official ought to be eliminated at this point,"
Cheney said.

But administration officials and members of Congress say there are sure to be
high-level commissions examining how a shadowy network of terrorists could
strike such a devastating blow on U.S. soil.

And the CIA director's role already is changing in ways not yet clear. Bush has
named Pennsylvania Gov. Tom Ridge to head a new Cabinet-level Homeland Security
Office charged with protecting the United States against terrorists. The
president also plans to name a National Security Council officer to coordinate
responses to terrorism.

Personal loss

For Tenet, the attacks were a professional shock and a personal loss. He had a
friend aboard one of the hijacked jets, associates say, and he had the enraged
response of a native New Yorker when he saw footage of the airborne assaults on
the World Trade Center.

On the day after the attacks, he called together the CIA staff. "In my hometown
of New York, at the Pentagon, and in the skies over Pennsylvania, the bloody
hand of evil struck again and again, stealing thousands of innocent lives," he
said. "Though we did not stop the latest, terrible assaults, you have done much
to combat terrorism in the past. I know that, together, we will do even more in
the future."

Defenders say Tenet has made countering terrorism one of his highest priorities
since he became CIA director. Under his watch, the staff at an interagency
counterterrorism center has doubled. Officials say hundreds of analysts now work
there. He also has expanded resources devoted to human intelligence, an area
allowed to lapse under his predecessors, although critics say this area needs
still more emphasis.

"The whole ship has turned to . . .  proliferation (of nuclear weapons) and
terrorism," Tenet said in an interview with USA TODAY last year. "The ops
(covert operations) tempo is higher than it's ever been. It has to get higher."

John Gannon, head of the National Intelligence Council until this summer, says
counterterrorism has been "the strongest beat in the Tenet drum." The council
produces reports based on the work of all the intelligence agencies.

"There are a lot of success stories he can't tell," says Rep. Porter Goss,
R-Fla., chairman of the House Intelligence Committee. "He is a very competent
and able director."

In his last three annual reports to Congress on the state of the world, Tenet
warned about bin Laden. Bin Laden "and his global network of lieutenants and
associates remain the most immediate and serious threat," he said in February.
"He is capable of planning multiple attacks with little or no warning."

In early August, intelligence officials say, the CIA warned U.S. policymakers to
remain on alert against the possibility of attacks against Americans by bin
Laden. On Aug. 21, the CIA told the Immigration and Naturalization Service to
put on a "watch list" two of the men who would later help hijack the jetliner
that crashed into the Pentagon. But the pair already had entered the country.

Before Sept. 11, Tenet was credited with raising morale at the CIA after a
series of intelligence failures that now pale in comparison with that terrible
morning. He also had launched a public relations campaign intended to boost
recruitment: For the first time, the CIA agreed to collaborate with production
of a primetime TV network series about the agency.

CBS says The Agency will debut Thursday. Instead of the episode on terrorism,
the premier will feature the CIA uncovering a plot to kill Cuban leader Fidel
Castro, an old agency nemesis, on U.S. soil.

TEXT OF BIO BOX BEGINS HERE

The Tenet file

* Name: George J. Tenet

* Age: 48. Born Jan. 5, 1953 in Flushing, N.Y.

* Education: Bachelor's degree at Georgetown University, 1976; Master's degree
at Columbia University, 1978

* Career: Legislative aide to Sen. John Heinz, R-Pa., 1982-85; staff member and
later director of Senate Intelligence Committee, 1985-93; senior intelligence
staffer on National Security Council, 1993-95; deputy CIA director, 1995-97; CIA
director, 1997-present.

* Family: Married to Stephanie Glakas-Tenet. One son, John Michael, 14.

Source: CIA

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY; PHOTO, B/W, Tony Esparza, CBS;
PHOTO, B/W, Emilie Sommer, USA TODAY; Day after attacks: CIA Director George
Tenet, second from left, and Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld, right, join
President Bush as he meets with congressional leaders Richard Gephardt, left,
and Dennis Hastert. Bush has reportedly given Tenet private reassurances of his
confidence in him. <>The Agency: Series has replaced its premiere episode, which
had been about the CIA thwarting an attack by followers of Osama bin Laden.
<>Tenet: Successes include blocking terrorism at millennium festivities.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              157 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 29, 2001, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Innovative investor turned $50,000 into $1B

BYLINE: Dan Cullen; Special for USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 9B

LENGTH: 460 words

The Davis Dynasty


By John Rothchild


Wiley, 304 pages, $ 27.95


The Davis Dynasty tells the story of Shelby Cullom Davis, one of the richest men
in America you probably never heard of.

He stayed the course through bears, bulls and global panic, and by the time he
died in 1994, he had parlayed $ 50,000 of his wife's money into an estate of
almost $ 1 billion. He left the bulk of the money for conservative causes.


Davis quit his job in 1947 to tend his portfolios. He was convinced that
insurance was an undiscovered gold mine. In the 1940s insurance was, author John
Rothchild points out, "an industry that was overlooked by analysts and ignored
by brokers."

It's fascinating to read just how wary Americans were regarding stocks when
Davis took his plunge. Following World War II, more than 90% of those responding
to a Federal Reserve Board survey said they were opposed to the purchase of
common stocks.

Before investing, Davis combined interviews and investigation (to separate
"doers from the bluffers") with rigorous numbers crunching and analysis. He
eschewed the "safety" of bonds, faced down bear markets, and was among the few
Americans to secure early and profitable investments in Japan in the 1960s.

You want frugal? This was a man who planned family vacations to the home cities
of insurance companies, the better to scope out their headquarters. Davis'
grandson Chris, with whom he developed the warm and easygoing relationship he
never achieved with his son, once asked him for $ 1 to buy a hotdog from a
pushcart vendor only to receive a lecture on compounding interest, and no
hotdog.

Perhaps not a surprising sermon from a man who had told his children they could
have a swimming pool at their Tarrytown, N.Y., home -- if they dug the hole. To
their credit, they tried, giving up only when they hit bedrock.

Then there was the inheritance flap. Davis decided to make good on a pledge to
provide fellowships and scholarships to the history department of his alma
mater, Princeton, by transferring his daughter's trust fund to the university.
Davis saw no need to first inform his daughter. Outsmarting him, she refused to
show up at the appointed hour to sign the papers, and, in retaliation, Davis
launched a public relations war against her in the press.

After 7 days of ugly headlines (New York Daily News: "Father Says Girl Needs
Spanking Over $ 3.8 Million"), a truce was reached.

For the Davis clan, the occasional bear market was "the careful shopper's best
friend." And, as the Dow enters uncharted territory now, another Davis adage is
sobering: "Bear markets make people a lot of money, they just don't know it at
the time."


LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W

TYPE: MONEY BOOKSHELF

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              163 of 163 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   January 24, 2001, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

A taste of practical concerns

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 8D

LENGTH: 523 words


There are practical reasons for colleges to pay extra attention
to seniors, some educators say.

For one thing, graduates who leave school with a warm fuzzy feeling
for their alma mater are more likely to become donors later.

For another, senior year offers a last best chance to focus on
life skills that don't get covered in academic courses. And, competent
alumni speak volumes about a university -- no small thing to parents,
employers, state legislatures and accreditors, all of whom increasingly
demand accountability from the higher education community.


Approaches vary widely:

* Several schools offer programs on nitty-gritty subjects
such as buying a car, cooking for one or budgeting. Texas Christian
University in Fort Worth sponsors a weekend-long conference each
January; one of the most popular draws is a panel in which young
alumni discuss what they wish they had known before they graduated.
At Roger Williams University in Bristol, R.I., "Reality 101"
workshops held throughout the spring semester address etiquette
issues. A final session offers closure. "Students struggle with
avoidance, and they'll admit it," says career director Patrick
Lennahan. "We always bring tissues."

* Students at Otterbein College in Westerville, Ohio, are
required to take one of several Senior Year Experience courses
offered each year. Courses prompt students to recognize that their
choices affect society, that they are accountable for their decisions
and actions, and that learning is lifelong, according to Colleges
That Encourage Character Development (Templeton Foundation
Press, $ 16.95). Topics this year include "Free Choices? Making
Choices in a Free Enterprise Society" and "Safe Passage: The
Journey to Maturity."

* In a nod to a global economy, Smith College in Northampton,
Mass., offers workshops such as "Going to Work in Strange Places,"
to help seniors (and juniors) gain cultural awareness. In one
exercise, students assigned to clashing cultures (one open and
aggressive, the other more reserved) must try to establish rapport.
Smith also offers nuts-and-bolts advice, but "it's even more
important to help our graduates be aware of their own personas
and how they respond to others in their environments," says career
development director Barbara Reinhold.

* Davidson (N.C.) College seniors are honored year-round
with events including a Frisbee golf tournament, a spring banquet
and commencement-season dance. President Robert Vagt also holds
regular dinners, where small groups of seniors are asked to talk
about what they would and wouldn't change about the college. Vagt
says the dinners are "a way to tell seniors they're special,
and for me to get some great ideas."

* Since 1989, the University of Maryland in College Park
has been developing activities aimed at creating "a sense of
belonging," says Brooke Lecky Supple, a student affairs administrator.
New this year is an electronic mailing list keeping seniors informed
of events related to graduation. One goal is to address issues
such as character and moral development.

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Michael A. Dwyer, AP; Minding their manners: Students
attend a seminar in dining etiquette taught by Tonia Matthews of Etiquette
Advantage at Roger Williams University in Rhode Island. Several universities are
offering such courses to graduating seniors.

                      Copyright 2001 Gannett Company, Inc.
