
                               1 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 14, 1998, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

'A window on the future' of weather

BYLINE: Jack Williams

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 7D

LENGTH: 474 words


The El Nino that has been disrupting the world's weather since
the fall may be offering a glimpse of the future.

If the world's climate is warming, as it seems to be, the future
could bring more extreme weather, such as the heavy rain El Nino
has brought to many areas since the fall.

El Nino is the name given to changes in global weather patterns
caused by a warming of the central and eastern Pacific that occurs
every two to seven years. Scientists measure the strength of an
El Nino by how much warmer than normal the water becomes.


"Our computer modeling tells us that global warming may first
manifest itself in changes in weather patterns," says D. James
Baker, the head of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration
(NOAA). "In other words, this winter's El Nino is a taste of
what we might expect if the Earth warms. It is a window on the
future."

Baker stresses that he's not saying global warming caused the
strong El Nino. "El Nino has always been with us. You can't say
that global warming is the cause."

But while El Nino can't be attributed to global warming, computer
climate models show that a warmer world should bring an increase
in extreme weather.

"We are now seeing indications that the effects of El Nino are
amplified by warming," says Tom Karl, the head of NOAA's National
Climatic Data Center.

Karl says the latest climate models show that an El Nino in a
warmer world should have stronger effects than one with similar
strength in the past. The models, however, generally don't give
details of the extremes.

A big unanswered question is how a warmer climate will affect
hurricanes. El Nino reduces the number of hurricanes threatening
the USA and the Caribbean.

But hurricane and climate researchers say computer models can't
yet predict whether a warmer world will have more or fewer hurricanes,
either globally or in particular regions, or whether hurricanes
will be stronger.

While climate scientists are trying to better understand possible
long-term changes, forecasters are refining the techniques that
have been working well for this year's El Nino. Their goal is
good forecasts during years when there is no El Nino or when El
Nino is weak.

Forecasters in the future may be able to predict the general picture
of weather extremes months ahead of time, using the El Nino research
pioneered at the National Weather Service's Climate Prediction
Center.

"We have saved lives and protected property with the forecasts,"
Baker says, adding that NOAA's "investment in research and modeling
has finally paid off big."

"Being able to forecast a season ahead will help us if our worst
fears about more extreme weather come true," Karl says. "With
warning, people can do things to mitigate damage as they did this
year."

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Dave Merrill, USA TODAY, Source: USA TODAY research by
Jack Williams (Diagram)

TYPE: SCIENCE

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                               2 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 2, 1998, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Unknown factors still surround global warming

BYLINE: Traci Watson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 17A

LENGTH: 559 words


An international treaty has been written to take action against
it. Nations are taking costly steps to prevent it. Politicians
are staking their careers on it. But global warming, the subtle
rise in the Earth's temperature that promises to unleash a posse
of natural disasters, still is the subject of dispute and uncertainty.


And that is reflected in two recent scientific papers.

One of those papers is by climate scientist James Hansen, one
of the earliest and most outspoken of those raising the alarm
about global warming. His 1988 testimony to Congress that global
warming was under way brought the subject to the public eye.

But in his new paper, he shows some uncertainty about how fast
and how much of the Earth is warming.

Hansen, of the Goddard Institute of Space Studies, still thinks
that the Earth is warming. He also still thinks that humans are
part of the cause, because of the so-called greenhouse gases produced
by fossil-fuel use. The gases trap heat that would normally radiate
into space.

But in this article, published in the Oct. 27 issue of the Proceedings
of the National Academy of Sciences, Hansen notes the scientific
ignorance about many of the factors affecting the world's climate.

For example, cars and power plants spout tiny particles of soot
and other pollutants into the atmosphere. These particles reflect
sunlight and affect cloud formation, thereby helping to cool
the planet. No one, he notes, knows how much effect this has.

Another puzzle he presents is the role of the sun. Greenhouse
gases are definitely helping warm the planet, Hansen says. But
fluctuations in the sun's energy also seem to be at work. Right
now, the sun is adding to global warming.

But someday the sun might give off less heat than now, thereby
canceling some of the effects of greenhouse gases. But whether
that will happen, he notes, is unknown.

Even so, "you still have the concern that you'll have a very
large climate change," Hansen says. But given the big changes
in knowledge in the past 20 year, he says, "it's hard to predict
over the next 100 years."

Other scientists agree, some pointing out even more uncertainties
than Hansen does. "We do the best we can," says Simon Tett,
a climatologist at Britain's Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction
& Research.

However, Tett and many other climate scientists still say that
human activity is warming the Earth into a fever.

That point was stressed in a paper in last week's Science.
The author used a new technique to show that greenhouse gases
already are influencing the Earth's climate.

The paper also concludes that the 20th-century temperature record
can only be explained by taking into account both the sun and
greenhouse gases, undercutting the argument that the sun alone
has caused this century's warming.

Still, scientists don't want to oversimplify the state of knowledge,
nor do they want politicians to do so.

Some scientists were uneasy about Vice President Gore's press
briefing in July when he noted that the first six months of 1998
each set temperature records.

"Althought that's true, it gives the erroneous perception that
it's going to continue that way," says Michael Schlesinger, a
climate scientist at the University of Illinois-Urbana-Champaign.

LOAD-DATE: December 03, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Jim Cooper, AP

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              13 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 20, 1998, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Mission to map threatened reefs

BYLINE: Tim Friend

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 713 words


Somewhere between Bengkulu, Sumatra, and the Sunda Straits, the
Heraclitus, an 82-foot research vessel, is sailing on the first
leg of her 1998 voyage to explore the oceans' coral reefs.

Now in the third year of a five-year mission led by the nonprofit
Planetary Coral Reef Foundation, the Heraclitus is being used
to create a global coral reef map. From the ship, which resembles
a Chinese junk, the crew also is taking samples of corals for
a wide range of scientific studies.

"Remarkably, there is no existing global map of living coral
reefs," says Abigail Alling, foundation president. "We do not
have a good estimate of the global abundance of coral reefs .
. . and even less is known about the species composition and status
of these complex communities."


Coral reefs are among the most diverse ecosystems on Earth --
the rain forests of the sea. They are home to 25% of the oceans'
fish populations and host to countless invertebrates and exotic
plants. If sustained, they may also one day yield important natural
drugs for fighting cancer and other diseases.

But coral reefs, which line 60,000 miles of coastline in 109 countries,
face a wide range of threats from growing numbers of people in
the tropics, where reefs are located. Humans affect coral reefs
in many ways, including pollution from sewage; shipping, which
cuts reefs down for channels; commercial fishing, for which reefs
are blasted with dynamite; and industry, which crushes coral for
cement.

Since 1995, the ship has sailed to coral reefs at Belize, Egypt,
Jordan, Oman, Maldives, Seychelles and Kenya. This year, it will
travel beyond the Sunda Straits to Bali, Australia and Sulawesi.

At each site, crew members conduct an underwater video survey
of the reef and make precise Global Positioning System (GPS) measurements
of its location. Divers also collect 10 1-inch diameter cores
from large coral heads. The cores are being analyzed by Rich Fairbanks
and colleagues at the Lamont-Doherty Earth Observatory at Columbia
University, New York.

Fairbanks is involved in a long-term program to study the variability
of tropical climate systems, the stability of temperature in the
ocean's warm pools and the role that coral reefs play in releasing
carbon dioxide into the atmosphere. Some scientists argue coral
reefs contribute as much as or more carbon dioxide than forests
do.

The ship's international crew of 10 to 14 people collects the
core samples, makes video surveys of reefs for mapping and studies
of their vitality and performs all the duties necessary for sailing
a ship across long stretches of ocean. Crew also become certified
scuba divers and learn scientific methods for collecting, preserving
and recording specimens.

The Planetary Coral Reef Foundation selects its crew from thousands
of student applicants worldwide, most of whom are in college or
recently graduated. Students pay $ 500 per month for a nine-month
voyage.

Crew members work in four-hour shifts with eight hours off in
between. On board the 23-year-old vessel is a 1,000-book library
and a larger than normal salon. (A boat carrying more than one
person, says a sailors' adage, grows a foot shorter each day at
sea.)

"The Heraclitus is named for the Greek philosopher who believed
that Eastern philosophy should be combined with Western know-how,"
says Mark Van Thillo, chief executive officer of the foundation.

The boat's Western know-how includes a navigation station with
the basics for modern ocean sailing: GPS, state-of-the-art radios,
depth sounder, radar, fax weather updates and a computer. For
underwater studies, it carries a dive compressor and equipment
for eight divers for tropical, temperate and polar seas.

The Heraclitus was built in Oakland, Calif., as a research vessel
for the Institute of Ecotechnics, London. It set sail on March
13, 1975. Since then it has journeyed 2,000 miles up the Amazon,
through the icy waters of the Antarctic and around the world to
most major tropical ports. So far the research vessel has logged
180,000 miles at sea.

Next year, it will sail with a new crew from Papua New Guinea
to the Kai islands of Indonesia, to Vietnam, to Brunei, Malaysia
and Bali.

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Gonzalo Arcila; PHOTO, Color, Michael Lippitsch

TYPE: SCIENCE

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              14 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 21, 1998, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

It's a good year for incumbents

BYLINE: William M. Welch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 1016 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON

Incumbent members of Congress, riding the strong economy and high
voter contentment, are feeling more secure than they have at any
time since the beginning of this decade.

With the federal budget balanced after 30 years of deficits and
the prospect of big surpluses on the horizon, both parties have
accomplishments to point to, even if Congress has been marked
by inaction this year.

As a result, 1998 is shaping up as highly favorable for incumbents,
and members of Congress are running on their records instead of
against Washington.

A USA Today/CNN/Gallup Poll taken Friday through Sunday finds
49% approve of the job Congress is doing, compared with 23% shortly
before the 1994 election.


Also, 64% say their own representative in Congress deserves re-election;
just 19% say their lawmaker doesn't deserve another term.

The survey has good news for the Republican majority: 58% say
GOP control of Congress has been a success, the highest level
of approval since Republicans won the majority in 1994.

Such approval may not last the year, of course. And Whitewater
prosecutor Kenneth Starr's investigation of President Clinton
could still roil this year's elections. But Clinton's approval
ratings have remained high throughout Starr's probe.

"I think that the good will that has helped keep Bill Clinton
propped up overflows onto Congress," says Tom Edmonds, a consultant
to Republican candidates. "I don't think you're going to see
a lot of change this year. This is going to be a good year for
incumbents, whether they're Democrats or Republicans."

The improved outlook for incumbents is reflected in the number
of races in which House members are running unopposed.

At least 29 Republicans and 18 Democrats will have no opponent
from the other party in the general election. Two years ago, only
10 Republicans and eight Democrats ran unopposed.

Some incumbents in both parties are facing stiff challenges and
are considered vulnerable, however. A few challengers have raised
more money than the incumbent they will face, a difficult task
since it is almost always easier for incumbents to attract campaign
money from interest groups. Failure to outraise a challenger is
a serious warning signal for any congressional incumbent.

The current high esteem for Congress is a turnabout from the early
1990s, when public dissatisfaction with political institutions
brought big turnover in Congress and sparked Ross Perot's third-party
presidential effort.

"Incumbency is now a positive value the way it was throughout
most of the '70s and '80s," says Stuart Rothenberg, an independent
political analyst who publishes a newsletter that tracks congressional
campaigns.

In the late 1980s, congressional incumbents were nearly certain
to win re-election. More than 98% of House members in both parties
who sought re-election in 1988 won, and the rate of re-election
was nearly that high for much of the 1980s and 1990.

The re-election rate dipped to 88% in 1992, when the economy was
emerging from a recession; 43 incumbents -- 30 Democrats and 13
Republicans -- were defeated that year. The re-election rate was
90% in 1994, when 38 incumbents lost and Republicans captured
the House after 40 years of Democratic control. It climbed to
94% in 1996.

While good times help both parties, Republicans stand to benefit
more because they hold House and Senate majorities.

Democrats need to gain 11 seats to capture a House majority, and
they are relying on a strategy that targets vacant seats and a
handful of Republican incumbents who are particularly vulnerable
because of their own political troubles or the makeup of their
districts. Democrats have virtually no hope of regaining a Senate
majority this year.

"The last time we had something like this was in the late 1980s,"
says Amy Walter, who watches House races for The Cook Political
Report. "It's really now a localized election year. You're
not going to find a challenger getting blown into office thanks
to political winds."

Republicans say Democrats have been unable to field the candidates
they want, particularly for challenges to GOP incumbents.

Republicans also say voter contentment may produce a year in which
many people don't bother to vote, since there is no presidential
race to create excitement.

"It looks like a low turnout year. We have a better result in
low turnouts," says Rep. John Linder, R-Ga., head of the National
Republican Congressional Campaign.

Democrats say candidate recruitment and fund-raising have been
strong, despite the pro-incumbent sentiment and Starr's investigation
of Clinton. Internal disputes among House Republican leaders help
Democrats, they say.

"I think we are in as good a shape as we could possibly be for
1998," says Rep. Martin Frost, D-Texas, head of the Democratic
Congressional Campaign Committee. "We're in much better shape
in the open seats than we were in 1996."

The good mood for incumbents means yesterday's insurgents find
themselves playing down past rhetoric in a climate where the public
no longer clamors for change.

One of the most visible House Republicans elected in 1994 was
J.D. Hayworth of Arizona, who regularly denounced Democrats and
complained of congressional excesses.

Hayworth initially won plaudits from watchdog groups for spending
little on constituent mail and congressional office expenses.
But after a brush with near defeat in 1996 and facing another
tough re-election battle this year, Hayworth has been blasted
by his Democratic opponent for spending $ 59,520 in public money
to send an eight-page color brochure to 480,000 constituents --
the very kind of taxpayer-financed self-promotion that Republicans
criticized when Democrats held the majority.

But perhaps the biggest change brought by the new climate is what
voters don't see and hear.

"One of the things I watch is how many campaigns are out there
saying it's time for a change," Linder says. "I don't see many."

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Kevin Rechin, USA TODAY, Source: USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup
telephone poll of 1, 007 adults Friday-Sunday. Margin of error: + or - 3
percentage points(Bar graph, Line graph, Pie chart); PHOTO, B/W; PHOTO, B/W, AP

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              16 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                 January 6, 1998, Tuesday, FINAL CHASE EDITION

Jet-stream journey delayed Bad weather foils new team of balloonists

BYLINE: Paul Hoversten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 727 words


A pair of balloonists hoping to be the first to fly nonstop around
the world postponed their launch from Albuquerque by at least
10 days, officials said early today.

The jet stream, which would have carried aviator Dick Rutan and
partner Dave Melton across the ocean on the first leg of their
journey, deteriorated said Patrick Barry, spokesman for the launch
effort.

"We just had to scrap it for now," Barry said. "We'll
have to wait for better conditions around the world. That could
be 10 days or two weeks."


He said the strong upper-air jet stream, a flow of air that circles
the Earth from west to east and which balloonists use to move
at speeds of up to 200 mph, had broken up in the Atlantic heading
toward North Africa. "We don't think it is going to improve
for two weeks," Barry said.

Weather problems aside, Rutan, 59, and Melton, 39, think they
know the secret to mastering a nonstop, global balloon trip.

"It's not possible to go around the world at a low altitude,
unpressurized and solo," Rutan says. So he and Melton plan
to take their balloon, Global Hilton, way up near the top of the
jet stream.

There, at 7 miles up and inside a pressurized cabin, they can
avoid the storms and turbulence of lower altitudes.

"We'll be comfortable and warm," Rutan says.

If they're right, Rutan and Melton might accomplish what no one
has been able to do since ballooning was invented more than 200
years ago by two French brothers, Jacques and Joseph Montgolfier.
The National Geographic Society calls the feat "the century's
last great aeronautical prize."

Anheuser-Busch is offering $ 1 million to the first team to succeed.
At least four teams this winter have failed to make the trip,
including Steve Fossett, who ended his attempt Monday, and Virgin
Airlines chief Richard Branson.

Swiss balloonist Bertrand Piccard said Monday that he and two
colleagues from Belgium and Britain hope to launch a balloon Thursday.

A successful flight could take nine to 14 days flying eastward
at 32,000 to 36,000 feet.

They plan to skim the upper reaches of the jet stream in their
170-foot Mylar balloon, navigating the Earth between the 30th
and 50th parallels.

Winter is the best time for an assault on the record because that's
when the jet stream flows in a steady easterly direction. The
weather pattern usually ends by March 1.

Rutan, of Mojave, Calif., is best known for flying the fabled
Voyager aircraft nonstop around the world in December 1986. He
repeated the flight this spring with another experimental aircraft
he built.

Melton, of Albuquerque, is a veteran balloonist who twice attempted
the global ballooning record in 1993 as a pilot aboard the Earthwinds
Hilton.

He was a late substitute as co-pilot for this attempt. He replaced
Richard Abruzzo, who chose not to fly after learning that his
wife, Nancy, is expecting their first child in July.

Rutan and Melton are sponsored by Pepsi-Cola, Hilton Hotels and
Hilton Chairman Barron Hilton, who together have chipped in $ 2
million for the flight. Hilton plans to follow the balloon part
of the way at the controls of his private jet.

Global Hilton's flight is less than the $ 4.9 million spent by
Branson and $ 2.2 million by another British team but much more
than the $ 350,000 spent by Fossett's prime sponsor, Loyola University.

One of the thriftiest challengers is Chicago's Kevin Uliassi,
who says he can make a second attempt if he can raise $ 200,000
through donations. His balloon crash-landed New Year's Eve near
Rockford, Ill., after just two hours and 145 miles.

Rutan and Melton's balloon has no steering mechanism and can be
raised or lowered only. It contains a large helium bubble at the
top of the balloon that during the day expands from the sun's
heat but loses lifting power when it cools after dark. The crew
fires propane burners at night to keep the balloon from falling
out of the jet stream.

Rutan and Melton will spend the entire flight inside an airtight
cabin. They'll work split shifts and eat packaged meals. They'll
take sponge baths to keep clean.

For good luck, "our crew has fixed us up with a few little items
they'll have inside for us," Melton says.

As for what he'll miss the most, "probably a hot shower and a
cold beer."

LOAD-DATE: January 06, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Eric Draper, AP

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              17 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 6, 1998, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Balloon team's plan: Aim high Pilots plan to sail at top of jet stream

BYLINE: Paul Hoversten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 675 words


Dick Rutan and Dave Melton think they know the secret to mastering
a nonstop balloon trip around the world, someone no one has done.

"It's not possible go around the world at a low altitude, unpressurized
and solo," Rutan says. So he and Melton plan to take their balloon,
Global Hilton, way up near the top of the jet stream, a flow of
air that circles the Earth from west to east.

There, at 7 miles up and inside a pressurized cabin, they can
avoid the storms and turbulence of lower altitudes.


"We'll be comfortable and warm," Rutan says.

If they're right, Rutan and Melton might accomplish what no one
has been able to do since ballooning was invented more than 200
years ago by two French brothers, Jacques and Joseph Montgolfier.
The National Geographic Society calls the feat "the century's
last great aeronautical prize."

Anheuser-Busch is offering $ 1 million to the first team to succeed.

At least four teams this winter have failed to make the trip,
including Steve Fossett, who ended his attempt Monday, and Virgin
Airlines chief Richard Branson.

Swiss balloonist Bertrand Piccard said Monday that he and two
colleagues from Belgium and Britain hope to launch a balloon Thursday.

Rutan, 59, and Melton, 39, were scheduled to take to the air early
today from Albuquerque. A successful flight could take nine to
14 days flying eastward at 32,000 to 36,000 feet.

They plan to skim the upper reaches of the jet stream in their
170-foot Mylar balloon, navigating the Earth between the 30th
and 50th parallels.

Winter is the best time for an assault on the record because that's
when the jet stream flows in a steady easterly direction. The
weather pattern usually ends by March 1.

Rutan, of Mojave, Calif., is best known for flying the fabled
Voyager aircraft nonstop around the world in December 1986. He
repeated the flight this spring with another experimental aircraft
he built.

Melton, of Albuquerque, is a veteran balloonist who twice attempted
the global ballooning record in 1993 as a pilot aboard the Earthwinds
Hilton.

He was a late substitute as co-pilot for this attempt. He replaced
Richard Abruzzo, who choose not to fly after learning that his
wife, Nancy, is expecting their first child in July.

Rutan and Melton are sponsored by Pepsi-Cola, Hilton Hotels and
Hilton Chairman Barron Hilton, who together have chipped in $ 2
million for the flight. Hilton plans to follow the balloon part
of the way at the controls of his private jet.

Global Hilton's flight is less than the $ 4.9 million spent by
Branson and $ 2.2 million by another British team but much more
than the $ 350,000 spent by Fossett's prime sponsor, Loyola University.

One of the thriftiest challengers is Chicago's Kevin Uliassi,
who says he can make a second attempt if he can raise $ 200,000
through donations. His balloon crash-landed New Year's Eve near
Rockford, Ill., after just two hours and 145 miles.

Rutan and Melton's balloon has no steering mechanism and can be
raised or lowered only. It contains a large helium bubble at the
top of the balloon that during the day expands from the sun's
heat but loses lifting power when it cools after dark. The crew
fires propane burners at night to keep the balloon from falling
out of the jet stream.

Rutan and Melton will spend the entire flight inside an airtight
cabin. They'll work split shifts and eat packaged meals. They'll
take sponge baths to keep clean.

For good luck, "our crew has fixed us up with a few little items
they'll have inside for us," Melton says.

As for what he'll miss the most, "probably a hot shower and a
cold beer."

Rutan says the flight path along the northern latitudes is "about
as good a global track as you can get." It also means they won't
have to travel as far to circumnavigate the globe as if they went
in lower latitudes near the equator.

"There are all kinds of things that can go wrong," he says.

"Hopefully we've caught all the gremlins."

LOAD-DATE: January 06, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Eric Draper, AP

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              18 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 3, 1998, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

The woman in the eye of the storms NASA chief has kept her head in the clouds

BYLINE: Jack Williams

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 1255 words


As the hurricane season winds down, Joanne Simpson finds tropical
weather too fascinating to put away.

She has spent more than half a century figuring out how air, water
and the sun's heat combine to build the clouds that help drive
the Earth's climate -- and sometimes create hurricanes.

At 75, Simpson has no plans to retire as chief scientist for meteorology
at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt, Md. Not "as
long as I have the health and strength to go on," she says.

During this year's busy hurricane season, she has been poring
over data from the joint USA-Japanese Tropical Rainfall Measuring
Mission (TRMM) satellite, for which she is project scientist.
This data could tell forecasters which storms will bring flooding
rain when they hit land, as Hurricane Mitch did in Central America
last week.

It has been a long and fascinating road for Simpson, who, as a
University of Chicago graduate student 52 years ago, turned her
attention to tropical clouds.

Today, of course, studying tropical clouds is important to understanding
potential global climate change. Studies of hurricanes, which
are swirls of huge tropical clouds, are also becoming more important
as coastal populations grow.

But back then, Simpson was almost alone. Carl-Gustav Rossby, one
of the giants of 20th century meteorology, told the young Joanne
Malkus that clouds would be "an excellent problem for a little
girl to work on because it is not very important, and few people
are interested in (them)."

Simpson learned to love the sky as a teen. Her father was aviation
editor of the Boston Herald, and she earned her pilot's
license at 16. Learning to fly requires learning about the weather,
and that led to an interest in meteorology.

The war years

"When World War II started, I wanted to go join the WAVES, but
my parents wanted me to finish college," she says. She earned
a bachelor's degree from the University of Chicago in 1943 and
became an academic Rosie the Riveter, teaching meteorology to
aviation cadets and military forecasters.

She earned her master's in 1945, as women were being encouraged
to leave their wartime jobs. "I didn't want to go home and mop
the floor."

When she told professors she wanted to earn a doctorate, "they
told me it was totally inappropriate for a woman to be a meteorologist.
You would have to work night shifts, leaving the airport in the
middle of the night. You would have to fly in airplanes to do
research," she says. "You'd have to do all kinds of things women
can't do."

She didn't listen. With no fellowships available, she held various
jobs, including teaching meteorology at the Illinois Institute
of Technology.

Her course was set in 1947, when Herbert Riehl, a leader in tropical
meteorology, lectured on what he and others had learned about
the trade winds and clouds during flights near Puerto Rico. "It
was just as if a light bulb had been turned on. I said, 'This
is what I want to do the rest of my life.' It was a very exciting
puzzle," Simpson says.

Riehl ended up as Simpson's dissertation adviser; they tackled
several problems, including hurricanes, which combined Simpson's
growing knowledge about clouds with Riehl's long experience studying
large-scale tropical meteorology. They showed that clouds play
a larger role in large-scale weather systems than scientists had
thought.

From 1951 until 1960, Simpson studied at the Woods Hole Oceanographic
Institution in Massachusetts to learn about the weather over oceans.
Woods Hole had a surplus World War II PBY Catalina flying boat,
which Simpson flew in to study clouds.

"It could barely struggle up to 7,000 feet," she recalls. "Now
we're using satellites and airplanes that can fly to 60,000 feet."

In the early 1950s, Simpson began the first mathematical models
of clouds on the simple computers of the time. In 1954, she won
a Guggenheim Fellowship to work in England, and in 1955 was an
honorary lecturer at Imperial College in London.

By the mid-1950s, she had earned an international reputation.
After five major hurricanes smashed into the eastern USA in 1954
and 1955, Congress established the Hurricane Research Program
and named Joanne Malkus an adviser. The first director was Robert
Simpson, a Weather Bureau meteorologist who had been riding in
Air Force and Navy planes, flying into hurricanes to see what
he could learn about them.

They were married in 1965. He was director of the National Hurricane
Center from 1967 to 1974, and they still collaborate on scientific
papers.

From 1965 to 1979, Joanne Simpson was director of the National
Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration's Experimental Meteorology
Laboratory in Coral Gables, Fla., where she seeded clouds to create
rain and tried to use those techniques to weaken hurricanes.

Yet Simpson struggled with combining work and motherhood. In 1973,
she wrote in a scientific journal: "I think that the difficulties
faced by a woman trying to combine top-level achievement with
marriage and motherhood are close to prohibitive."

Staying the course

The turning point came in 1983. The American Meteorological Society
presented her its Carl-Gustav Rossby Research Medal, its highest
honor, for "outstanding contributions to man's understanding
of the structure of the atmosphere."

The award made her feel "it isn't really so ridiculous that I
did all of this," she says. "I'm not really a freak; I am a
member of the community."

She's happy how her children, all from a previous marriage, turned
out: "All are doing stimulating, intellectual things." David
Malkus is a math professor at the University of Wisconsin. Steven
Malkus is a poet and dancer who lives on Cape Cod, and Karen Malkus
is head science teacher at The Learning Project school in Boston.

She also was encouraged when she went to NASA Goddard as head
of the Severe Storms Branch in 1979.

"When I first got to NASA, I realized I could talk science in
the ladies' room. This was something new in my career, to find
three or four other scientists in the ladies' room."

Still, she sees hurdles for female scientists. "The greatest
productive years in science are usually between about 30 and 45
years old. Yet, for a woman, these are the childbearing years."

She continues to squeeze clouds into the mathematics of computer
programs, the work she began in the 1950s. Computers such as the
NASA Goddard Cray T3E super computer, named "jsimpson" in her
honor, allow scientists to create models that come ever closer
to the real world.

Simpson is also preparing to send her papers to the Schlesinger
Library on the History of Women in America at Radcliffe College.
Her notebooks are a meticulous record of her observations of weather
from boats, airplanes, radar screens and satellite images, her
ideas about what they might mean, and mathematical formulas that
might help explain them. "I was told early in my career, always
write down your observations and ideas. That way you won't make
the same mistake twice."

Today, she watches clouds, hurricanes and world weather patterns
by sophisticated satellite images and radar. But clouds seen from
a plane or a sailboat still hold her imagination.

"Rossby told me once that, before anyone earns a Ph.D. in meteorology,
he should be a sailor, or a small airplane pilot or a glider pilot,"
she says. "Someone who has been humbled by the weather."

LOAD-DATE: November 03, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, NASA; PHOTO, B/W, Tim Dillon, USA TODAY; Then: Joanne
Simpson, a meteorologist with NASA since the 1950s, broke ground for other
women. Now: Simpson, NASA's chief meteorologist, with a photo of Hurricane
Betty, taken from a satellite named for her. At 75, she has no plans to retire,
'as long as I have the health and strength to go on.'

TYPE: SCIENCE

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              19 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                April 1, 1998, Wednesday, INTERNATIONAL EDITION

Clinton pledges new effort to analyze land changes

BYLINE: Mimi Hall

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 526 words

DATELINE: GABORONE, Botswana


GABORONE, Botswana -- After seeing big game on a two-day safari
he pronounced "beyond my wildest dreams," President Clinton
on Thursday offered a small-scale program to help analyze land-use
changes in southern Africa and promised to push for ratification
of a treaty to stop the drying up of farmland worldwide.

"Any human being who spends any appreciable amount of time in
a uniquely pristine place full of the wonders of animal and plant
life instinctively feels humanity's sacred obligation to preserve
our environment," Clinton said.

After discussing environmental degredation with environmentalists
from Botswana, Kenya, Ghana, Cameroon and Madagascar at the Mokolodi
Nature Reserve on the outskirts of Gaborone, Clinton said he hopes
his visit to Botswana will encourage more tourism here.


He regaled the small crowd gathered at the nature reserve with
a long list of the animals and birds he and first lady Hillary
Rodham Clinton saw over the past two days at Chobe National Park
in northern Botswana.

"I saw all the things that I dreamed of seeing, from elephants
and hippos to giraffes and lions," Clinton said. He also saw
something called a monitor lizard.

"And I thought of all the people I would like that lizard to
minotor," he joked. "But, unfortunately, I could not catch it
and take it home."

At Mokolodi, Clinton said Sens. James Jeffords, R-Vt., and Russell
Feingold, D-Wisc., would work together to push for ratification
in the Senate of the United Nations Convention to Combat Desertification,
a treaty signed in 1994. Desertification is a term for land drying
up.

The environmental treaty, designed to slow the spread of deserts
into farmland in Africa and elsewhere, has been stalled in the
Senate since 1996.

"Sounds like the treaty of the week," said Marc Thiessen, spokesman
for the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. He had no further
comment on whether committee chairman Sen. Jesse Helms, R-N.C.,
supports or opposes ratification.

A quarter of Africa is desert and Clinton also announced that
NASA will begin a first-ever scientific assessment of the environment
in southern Africa.

The space agency will spend $ 200,000 on satellite and ground-based
surveillance to study land-use changes brought on by drought.

"We must act together to address the threat of global climate
change," Clinton said.

Today, the president tours a military base in Thies, Senegal,
where 30 U.S. Special Forces troops training Senegalese in peacekeeping
manueuvers such as convoy protection and checkpoint traffic control.

The troops are there as part of the African Crisis Response Initiative,
a program that provides training and equipment to selected African
nations to help them respond to regional crises. Senegal and Uganda
were the first countries to start training under the program last
fall.

And before heading back to Washington late Thursday, Clinton will
finish his 12-day, six-nation tour of Africa with a visit to the
Slave House at Goree Island, a shipping point for slaves to the
New World located off the coast of the capital city, Dakar.

LOAD-DATE: April 02, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, J. Scott Applewhite, AP

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              20 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 7, 1998, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Clinton joins Social Security debate Right and left compete with ideas for
reform

BYLINE: William M. Welch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 904 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- President Clinton enters the debate over how to
fix Social Security just as members of his own party have begun
considering the unthinkable: changing the program's fundamental
structure.

Members of Congress, interest groups and policy experts join Clinton
in Kansas City, Mo., today for the first in a series of national
forums on problems facing Social Security.

In his State of the Union speech Jan. 27, the president proposed
the sessions as a way to stimulate a national debate over the
insolvency that awaits the 63-year-old program.

Clinton has no specific proposal for saving Social Security. He
has called for discussion this year and action by Congress in
1999, after this year's congressional elections.


Gene Sperling, a top White House economic adviser, said Clinton
will ask all sides to try to put aside politics and "create a
climate where Social Security can be discussed without triggering
the usual partisan gunfire."

But while Clinton has been preparing, the politically explosive
debate has already begun.

Clinton has called for preserving this year's expected budget
surplus for future Social Security reforms. In Congress, House
Speaker Newt Gingrich and his allies have a plan that they say
would cut taxes and help Social Security by giving money back
to taxpayers so they can create personal savings accounts.

Some Republicans, conservative think tanks and interest groups
are campaigning for radical changes. They are seeking to move
Social Security away from a pay-as-you-go transfer of money between
generations to a vehicle for encouraging individual investment
in stocks and bonds.

The biggest change, however, has come from Democrats, who have
been the champions of preserving Social Security's traditional
structure.

Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan, D-N.Y., considered one of his party's
foremost experts on social policy, has joined Sen. Bob Kerrey,
D-Neb., in proposing a plan that would curb payroll taxes and
future benefits. Their plan would also allow workers to divert
about 15% of their Social Security taxes into personal savings
and investment accounts.

"The problem is right now there are groups who are so attached
to the present system that they will not make the changes necessary
to maintain the present system," Moynihan says. "They must recognize
that the alternative is the loss of everything we have developed
over 60 years."

Conservatives have disputed details of Moynihan's plan, but they
say it signals a dramatic shift in the debate. Just as in the
debate over welfare reform during Clinton's first term, defenders
of the old system may find the middle ground has shifted away
from them and toward conservatives' ideas.

"It indicates a sea change in the debate over Social Security,"
says Stuart Butler, head of domestic and policy studies for the
Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank that has pushed
for reform.

Driving the debate are some fundamental problems with Social Security's
financing. Demands for benefits are expected to grow early in
the next century as today's baby boomers retire. Longer lifespans
for retirees and fewer future workers who pay Social Security
taxes will strain the system. By 2029, it is estimated, Social
Security's reserves will be depleted, and the program will have
revenues adequate to pay only about three-quarters of promised
benefits.

Advocates of minor adjustments say that shortfall can be handled
by raising taxes and trimming benefits.

But conservatives argue that another big problem faces Social
Security: It offers today's workers a poor return on the money
they have paid into the system through payroll taxes.

"The stock market would have to do far worse than it has ever
done, over the long haul, to provide a worse return for today's
younger workers," Butler says.

Defenders of the traditional Social Security system say the comparison
is unfair because Social Security was never intended to be an
investment account. Instead, it offers a guaranteed lifetime benefit,
along with disability and surviving-spouse benefits.

"The test of whether it is working isn't what you get back. It's
how well it protects you from the risks you take -- disability,
retirement, inflation -- after you retire," says John Rother
of the American Association of Retired Persons.

TEXT OF INFOP BOX BEGINS HERE

MOYNIHAN AND KERREY'S PLAN

Highlights of Social Security reform proposed by Sens. Daniel
Patrick Moynihan and Bob Kerrey:

-- Payroll taxes for Social Security would be cut from 12.4%,
divided evenly between employer and employee, to 10.4% in 2001.
The rate would begin to rise in 2025, reaching 13.4% by 2060.

-- Starting in 2001, workers could apply the 2 percentage point
tax cut toward voluntary investment accounts, or receive a 1%
increase in take-home pay.

-- Wages subject to payroll tax would increase to $ 97,500 by
2003. The limit this year is $ 68,400, and it is scheduled to rise
to $ 82,800 in 2003.

-- The annual cost-of-living adjustment in benefits would be
curbed by 1 percentage point.

-- The retirement age would rise faster than currently scheduled,
to 67 in 2016, 68 in 2023 and 70 in 2073. Under current law, the
age at which workers can retire with full Social Security benefits
is scheduled to rise from 65 to 67 by 2027.


LOAD-DATE: April 07, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Elys A. McLean, USA TODAY, Source:Senate Finance
Committee(Bar graph); PHOTO, b/w, Elise Amendola, AP

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              21 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 20, 1998, Thursday, FIRST EDITION

Salmon running dry in Alaska

BYLINE: John Ritter

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 1204 words

DATELINE: CHEVAK, Alaska


CHEVAK, Alaska -- Jacob Nash subsists on salmon. For all his 77
years, the bulk of his diet has come from the rich waters of the
Yukon Delta. It is the same for all the Eskimos on this windswept
tundra facing the Bering Sea.

But this year hardly any salmon showed up.


Families went to their fish camps, and time and time again the
nets came up empty. The few salmon they caught were smaller than
usual. Many had sores on their flesh.

The same thing is happening throughout western Alaska. From Bristol
Bay's lucrative commercial fishing waters to villages like Chevak,
where native Alaskans depend on fish to feed their families, to
Norton Sound below the Seward Peninsula, the salmon runs have
been extremely poor.

No one knows for sure what is depleting them. The food chain is
somehow out of joint.

Last year's salmon harvest was the smallest in 20 years, but this
year's has been even worse. Old-timers can't recall back-to-back
seasons as bleak. Scientists and fishery managers don't have answers.

"It's a very major occurrence, but we can't put our finger on
the reasons right now," says Bill Heard, a manager with the National
Marine Fisheries Service in Auke Bay. Says Ted Cooney, oceanographer
at the University of Alaska: "The public thinks we know how the
ocean works. We don't. We're still learning."

Native Alaskans have their own theories. They blame illegal fishing
by foreign ships and overfishing by Aleutian island fishermen
farther south.

Jacob Nash and other villagers across this region the size of
Idaho are facing a winter without enough food. Centuries-old rhythms
are disrupted. "This fish is our way of life. We are not who
we are without the fish," Nash says. "It is what keeps us going."

Alaska Gov. Tony Knowles has declared western Alaska a disaster
area. So far, $ 12 million in aid has been made available. The
Red Cross has begun flying in food and baby formula. Shipments
of fish from other regions started arriving this week.

Some experts believe the seas off western Alaska, where salmon
spend most of their lives, are cyclical. Ocean water is warm for
many years and salmon are plentiful. Then the water grows colder
for reasons science can't explain and salmon runs decline up the
rivers. In cold water the young salmon grow more slowly, and are
at risk longer of being eaten. Their numbers drop.

The last cold-water phase in the 1970s brought lean harvests.
Then waters warmed, and the salmon industry boomed in the '80s
and '90s.

The El Nino effect

One explanation for the current shortage is that the water is
gradually cooling again.

But the El Nino that straddled the last two fishing seasons has
confused the issue. The long-term trend could be cooler water,
but sea temperatures the last two years have been even warmer
than they would be in a typical warm cycle. "El Nino may have
destroyed the evidence that we're cooling," Cooney says.

Did El Nino's extremely warm water weaken mature salmon that were
ready to return to fresh water, their spawning grounds, the last
two years? Were they more vulnerable to predators and disease
as a result? Or did a cooling trend that started several years
before El Nino slash the survival rate of young salmon that left
the rivers where they hatched for the sea?

Some experts doubt that El Nino had anything at all to do with
salmon declines in Alaska. They say global warming could be shrinking
salmon feeding grounds.

State and federal agencies have pledged more scientific study,
but western Alaskan locales that depend on salmon fisheries are
in dire straits.

A dismal fraction

In Bristol Bay, the world's most valuable wild salmon fishery,
the bottom has fallen out. Its sockeye usually account for nearly
40% of the value of all salmon harvested in Alaska. This year,
fishermen caught 10 million sockeyes, less than half the forecast.
It's a dismal fraction of the record 44 million in 1995. The 1998
catch was worth $ 50 million, compared with an average annual value
of $ 158 million over the past decade.

Almost all Bristol Bay salmon goes to Japan, where a shortage
should have meant higher prices. But the Asian economic crisis
and a sinking yen denied Alaska fishermen even that silver lining.

Poor salmon returns rippled through the region. A skipper who
clears $ 250,000 for four weeks' work in a good year went home
this summer happy to have covered costs. Crew members accustomed
to earning $ 10,000 might have made $ 500.

In an economy in which suppliers and local businesses front goods
and services and mark bills "PAF" -- pay after fishing -- the
bills aren't being paid. Scores of people are struggling under
the accumulated debt of two bad years. They can't buy food or
heating fuel for the winter. Utilities are disconnecting their
services.

Canneries that have advanced millions of dollars to the fleets
that bring in the fish can't afford to carry their fishermen much
longer. Some fishermen will be forced to sell their most valuable
asset, commercial fishing permits worth up to $ 150,000.

"When we had really good fishing in the early '90s, I knew it
couldn't last and I should put something away for a rainy day,"
says Robin Samuelson of Dillingham, who has fished for 30 years.
"I never thought it would rain this hard."

Cash is especially scarce in the remote villages around the Yukon
and Kuskokwim rivers. Villagers depend on seasonal work in commercial
fishing to pay for the fuel and gear they need to subsistence
fish.

But this year a key niche, the highly prized Yukon River king
salmon, had the worst run since statehood in 1959, less than half
of projections. Yukon kings, among the world's tastiest salmon,
fetch more than double the price of sockeye.

The run of chum salmon, a lower-quality fish but a subsistence
staple, was even lower.

Chevak, population 720, sits in one of the nation's poorest census
tracts. There are no cars or flush toilets. People drive dirt
roads on one-seat all-terrain vehicles or roam the winter tundra
on snow machines. A dirt airstrip on the edge of town is the only
lifeline to the outside.

Fish comes first

Villagers have cable TV, VCR's and Chicago Bulls jackets, but
what they really need is fish. "Store-bought" food is expensive
-- $ 5 for a package of cookies, $ 1.99 a pound for bananas. Dried
fish -- laboriously caught, cleaned and hung on racks -- is still
the mainstay.

In requesting a federal disaster declaration and additional aid,
Knowles compared the salmon crisis to the drought in Texas, whose
farmers got a $ 500 million aid package from the Clinton Administration
this year. Last year, the Federal Emergency Management Administration
ruled that low salmon runs couldn't be linked to a natural disaster
and turned Knowles down. This year, he has asked again.

It will be a tough winter for Elias and Monica Friday and their
seven children. The family caught less than half the salmon it
needs. He owes the grocery store $ 900.

"Yeah, I'm worried," he says. "We might not have enough fish
to support the family."

Contributing: Ben Spiess in Bristol Bay

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Genevieve Lynn, USA TODAY, Source:Alaska Fish & Wildlife
Commission(Map); PHOTOS, b/w, Stephen Nowers, USA TODAY(3)

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              22 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 20, 1998, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Salmon running dry in Alaska

BYLINE: John Ritter

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 1203 words

DATELINE: CHEVAK, Alaska


CHEVAK, Alaska -- Jacob Nash subsists on salmon. For all his 77
years, the bulk of his diet has come from the rich waters of the
Yukon Delta. It is the same for all the Eskimos on this windswept
tundra facing the Bering Sea.

But this year hardly any salmon showed up.


Families went to their fish camps, and time and time again the
nets came up empty. The few salmon they caught were smaller than
usual. Many had sores on their flesh.

The same thing is happening throughout western Alaska. From Bristol
Bay's lucrative commercial fishing waters to villages like Chevak,
where native Alaskans depend on fish to feed their families, to
Norton Sound below the Seward Peninsula, the salmon runs have
been extremely poor.

No one knows for sure what is depleting them. The food chain is
somehow out of joint.

Last year's salmon harvest was the smallest in 20 years, but this
year's has been even worse. Old-timers can't recall back-to-back
seasons as bleak. Scientists and fishery managers don't have answers.

"It's a very major occurrence, but we can't put our finger on
the reasons right now," says Bill Heard, a manager with the National
Marine Fisheries Service in Auke Bay. Says Ted Cooney, oceanographer
at the University of Alaska: "The public thinks we know how the
ocean works. We don't. We're still learning."

Native Alaskans have their own theories. They blame illegal fishing
by foreign ships and overfishing by Aleutian island fishermen
farther south.

'Our way of life'

Jacob Nash and other villagers across this region the size of
Idaho are facing a winter without enough food. Centuries-old rhythms
are disrupted. "This fish is our way of life. We are not who
we are without the fish," Nash says. "It is what keeps us going."

Alaska Gov. Tony Knowles has declared western Alaska a disaster
area. So far, $ 12 million in aid has been made available. The
Red Cross has begun flying in food and baby formula. Shipments
of fish from other regions started arriving this week.

Some experts believe the seas off western Alaska, where salmon
spend most of their lives, are cyclical. Ocean water is warm for
many years and salmon are plentiful. Then the water grows colder
for reasons science can't explain and salmon runs decline up the
rivers. In cold water the young salmon grow more slowly, and are
at risk longer of being eaten. Their numbers drop.

The last cold-water phase in the 1970s brought lean harvests.
Then waters warmed, and the salmon industry boomed in the '80s
and '90s.

One explanation for the current shortage is that the water is
gradually cooling again.

But the El Nino that straddled the last two fishing seasons has
confused the issue. The long-term trend could be cooler water,
but sea temperatures the last two years have been even warmer
than they would be in a typical warm cycle. "El Nino may have
destroyed the evidence that we're cooling," Cooney says.

Did El Nino's extremely warm water weaken mature salmon that were
ready to return to fresh water, their spawning grounds, the last
two years? Were they more vulnerable to predators and disease
as a result? Or did a cooling trend that started several years
before El Nino slash the survival rate of young salmon that left
the rivers where they hatched for the sea?

Some experts doubt that El Nino had anything at all to do with
salmon declines in Alaska. They say global warming could be shrinking
salmon feeding grounds.

State and federal agencies have pledged more scientific study,
but western Alaskan locales that depend on salmon fisheries are
in dire straits.

In Bristol Bay, the world's most valuable wild salmon fishery,
the bottom has fallen out. Its sockeye usually account for nearly
40% of the value of all salmon harvested in Alaska. This year,
fishermen caught 10 million sockeyes, less than half the forecast.
It's a dismal fraction of the record 44 million in 1995. The 1998
catch was worth $ 50 million, compared with an average annual value
of $ 158 million over the past decade.

Almost all Bristol Bay salmon goes to Japan, where a shortage
should have meant higher prices. But the Asian economic crisis
and a sinking yen denied Alaska fishermen even that silver lining.

Bills unpaid

Poor salmon returns rippled through the region. A skipper who
clears $ 250,000 for four weeks' work in a good year went home
this summer happy to have covered costs. Crew members accustomed
to earning $ 10,000 might have made $ 500.

In an economy in which suppliers and local businesses front goods
and services and mark bills "PAF" -- pay after fishing -- the
bills aren't being paid. Scores of people are struggling under
the accumulated debt of two bad years. They can't buy food or
heating fuel for the winter. Utilities are disconnecting their
services.

Canneries that have advanced millions of dollars to the fleets
that bring in the fish can't afford to carry their fishermen much
longer. Some fishermen will be forced to sell their most valuable
asset, commercial fishing permits worth up to $ 150,000.

"When we had really good fishing in the early '90s, I knew it
couldn't last and I should put something away for a rainy day,"
says Robin Samuelson of Dillingham, who has fished for 30 years.
"I never thought it would rain this hard."

Cash is especially scarce in the remote villages around the Yukon
and Kuskokwim rivers. Villagers depend on seasonal work in commercial
fishing to pay for the fuel and gear they need to subsistence
fish.

But this year a key niche, the highly prized Yukon River king
salmon, had the worst run since statehood in 1959, less than half
of projections. Yukon kings, among the world's tastiest salmon,
fetch more than double the price of sockeye.

The run of chum salmon, a lower-quality fish but a subsistence
staple, was even lower.

Chevak, population 720, sits in one of the nation's poorest census
tracts. There are no cars or flush toilets. People drive dirt
roads on one-seat all-terrain vehicles or roam the winter tundra
on snow machines. A dirt airstrip on the edge of town is the only
lifeline to the outside.

Fish comes first

Villagers have cable TV, VCR's and Chicago Bulls jackets, but
what they really need is fish. "Store-bought" food is expensive
-- $ 5 for a package of cookies, $ 1.99 a pound for bananas. Dried
fish -- laboriously caught, cleaned and hung on racks -- is still
the mainstay.

In requesting a federal disaster declaration and additional aid,
Knowles compared the salmon crisis to the drought in Texas, whose
farmers got a $ 500 million aid package from the Clinton Administration
this year. Last year, the Federal Emergency Management Administration
ruled that low salmon runs couldn't be linked to a natural disaster
and turned Knowles down. This year, he has asked again.

It will be a tough winter for Elias and Monica Friday and their
seven children. The family caught less than half the salmon it
needs. He owes the grocery store $ 900.

"Yeah, I'm worried," he says. "We might not have enough fish
to support the family."

Contributing: Ben Spiess in Bristol Bay

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Genevieve Lynn, USA TODAY, Source:Alaska Fish & Wildlife
Commission(Map); PHOTOS, b/w, Stephen Nowers for USA TODAY(3)

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              24 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 26, 1998, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Loyal Gore steadfast in his support

BYLINE: Susan Page

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 2014 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Don't look for Vice President Gore to start putting
some distance between him and President Clinton.

As an escalating crisis threatens Clinton's presidency -- and
potentially elevates Gore to the Oval Office -- the vice president
says he believes Clinton is telling the truth and will weather
this controversy as he has so many others. In an interview with
USA TODAY, his first extended remarks since the controversy exploded,
Gore flatly rejected speculation about the president's possible
resignation or impeachment.

Does he have any doubt that Clinton will complete his second term?

"None," Gore replied.

Period.


This is a critical time of testing for Clinton, but it is also
one for Gore. After five years as the loyal vice president and
influential No. 2, Gore now finds himself both one of the president's
most trusted confidantes and his potential successor. Under the
most drastic scenario -- if allegations of perjury and obstruction
of justice cost Clinton his presidency -- Gore would be called
upon to lead the country at a time of national crisis. That role
could include everything from uniting a bitterly divided electorate
to facing foreign policy challenges from Iraq's Saddam Hussein
and others.

If that happens?

"The president denied the charges and I believe him," Gore said
flatly. "And I'm not interested in questions that are based on
some other hypothetical."

A crowd of senior White House aides and speechwriters jammed the
hallway outside Gore's office Friday afternoon, waiting for a
session in Chief of Staff Erskine Bowles' corner suite on the
State of the Union address. Susan Brophy, a legislative aide who
just left the staff, sailed through gathering kisses and congratulations
on her recent marriage.

A few doors away in the Oval Office, Clinton was at the center
of a fierce debate between political advisers who wanted him to
hold some sort of news conference to clear the air before Tuesday's
address to Congress and legal advisers who warned against it.
He had tried to reassure his Cabinet at a meeting that morning.
An air of crisis was palpable.

But Gore, in his West Wing quarters, projected a sense of business-as-usual,
sipping a diet Pepsi and joking about his lack of proficiency
on rollerblades. In an interview with USA TODAY that had been
scheduled before this controversy began, Gore was serious, terse
and firm in response to questions about the crisis, then more
animated and expansive when the talk turned to his policy plans
for the year. He gave no signs of nervousness or angst.

The day before, he had shared a private lunch with Clinton. The
current crisis was a topic at the table. "He's not only the president
of our country, he's my friend," Gore said when asked if he had
offered counsel on the unfolding controversy. But he refused to
divulge what he told Clinton. "I always keep my advice to him
private, and I will continue to follow that rule," he said.

However, Gore is not among the inner circle of legal advisers
who are now consulting with Clinton about his next step. The vice
president's situation is a delicate one. Friend, yes. But also
a central player whose final role in this drama isn't yet written.

What Gore would say was this: "The president has denied these
charges and I believe him. And he has pledged to work closely
with the independent counsel, and you'll see there's no doubt
that he is going to do exactly that. And in the meantime, he is
completely focused on the agenda of this country."

Gore has made it clear to his staff that he wants no whispering
about Clinton's troubles or speculation about what the future
might hold for himself. There are to be no secret planning sessions
for a possible transition, or attempts to make sure there's just
a bit of convenient daylight between the two men.

"This situation is a very simple situation for Al Gore," says
Andrew Cuomo, the secretary of Housing and Urban Development,
who has become a close adviser to Gore on both urban policy and
politics. "This is a loyal, loyal friend, and he will be 100%
supportive of the president."

But Gore and his closest advisers are all too aware of the grave
possibilities, either with a succession at a time of crisis or
with a wounded President Clinton battling accusations that he
broke the law in trying to cover up an alleged affair with a 21-year-old
White House intern. After a political career that includes stints
in the House and Senate, Gore has developed highly attuned Washington
antennae and an unusually experienced inner circle.

Several of his top advisers already have served in the top ranks
of the White House, among them former deputy chief of staff Roy
Neel and former White House counsel Jack Quinn. Other members
of his inner circle: former staffer Elaine Kamarck, Democratic
media strategist Robert Squier and former New York congressman
Tom Downey.

With this crisis, the stolidness that has been seen as a political
shortcoming for Gore and made him the butt of jokes by late-night
comedians may now be an asset, some close to him say. While he
has been scarred by questions about his fund-raising in the 1996
campaign, Gore's Boy Scout posture and rumor-free marriage of
27 years to wife Tipper loom as reassuring attributes.

In contrast to the fund-raising controversy, this scandal doesn't
seem to touch Gore personally. "Vice President Gore could defend
President Clinton and even if it turns out Clinton had the affair
and is lying about it, Gore would not suffer considerably," says
former White House press secretary Marlin Fitzwater, a senior
staffer for Vice President Bush during the Iran-contra affair.
"People expect him to be loyal."

Laying groundwork

Of course, Gore does hope to succeed Clinton, but only after the
2000 election. The year ahead was to have been the time that Gore
emerged from last year's turmoil over campaign fund-raising to
begin laying the groundwork for his presidential bid.

Sometime this spring, he plans to establish a political action
committee as a base for fund-raising and extensive campaigning
in behalf of Democratic candidates in the November midterm elections.

"He's doing the right thing," Emil Jones Jr., Democratic leader
of the Illinois state Senate, said approvingly earlier this month
as he watched Gore headline a Chicago cocktail party raising money
for Sen. Carol Moseley-Braun. "He's going to the various states,
getting the chits at functions like this."

The day after Gore's Chicago stop, Mayor Richard Daley off-handedly
told local reporters he would endorse Gore's presidential campaign,
even though the vice president hadn't formally asked him and isn't
expected to officially declare his candidacy for more than a year.

Gore also has in hand another endorsement that, at least until
last week, looked even more golden: Clinton's. In his insider
account of the 1996 campaign, Behind the Oval Office, former
Clinton strategist Dick Morris quotes the president talking about
his running mate. "I just want you to know that I will work ceaselessly,
ceaselessly, to be sure that Al Gore is the presidential nominee
of the Democratic Party in 2000, without a primary if at all possible,"
Clinton told him.

But leaders of Gore's 2000 campaign team, which is beginning to
take shape, say they don't expect to escape a primary. House Democratic
leader Richard Gephardt of Missouri already has made it clear
he plans to run, and Nebraska Sen. Bob Kerrey and others are also
in the wings considering running.

Although Gore is universally viewed as the Democratic front-runner,
independent analysts differ on how commanding his position is.
He easily leads the field in early polls taken in Iowa and New
Hampshire, where the first contests will be held. In a USA TODAY/CNN/Gallup
Poll taken Friday and Saturday, 64% approved of the job Gore was
doing.

However, a USA TODAY Poll earlier in the month found Gore's standing
had fallen significantly when voters were asked whether he was
qualified to be president. A majority, 56%, said he was not qualified;
35% said he was. Four years earlier, in January 1994, the numbers
were reversed; 58% called him qualified and 35% said he was not.

Bush, by comparison, had a much higher standing as vice president,
seen in 1987 as qualified for the presidency by a margin of 80%-12%.
Gore's current rating is about the same as that of a beleaguered
predecessor, Vice President Dan Quayle, during his term in office.

White House pollster Mark Penn dismisses the findings as not particularly
worrisome, saying Gore has lost support only among GOP voters.
"Republicans have come to view him in a partisan manner," Penn
says. "When Republicans say he's unqualified, what they're really
saying is he's not a Republican."

His argument was bolstered by the results of a second poll question
that asked voters to choose the statement that came closest to
their view. While 36% said they thought Gore wasn't qualified
to be president, 26% said he was qualified but wouldn't consider
voting for him. Another 30% said he was qualified and they would
consider voting for him.

Gore shrugged off all of it. "I don't put much stock in polls,
whether they're good or bad," he said. "I think they are of
limited value. I mean, overall, the polls are very generous to
me and yet I resist taking those very seriously, either."

Making a list

Gore pulls out a typed list from his breast pocket when asked
his goals for the year. He ticks off a dizzying series of major
policies on which he is the administration's point man: The tobacco
deal. The health care consumers' bill of rights. The urban agenda.
The global climate treaty. The "reinventing government" initiative.
The proposal to link every school classroom in the country to
the Internet. Top-level consultations with South Africa and Russia.
A new after-school child care initiative being unveiled today
by Gore and first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton.

Clinton has given Gore a portfolio more far-reaching and influential
than that of any other vice president in modern history. The result
is that Gore gets an unusual amount of attention and credit for
the administration's initiatives and achievements.

But the risk is that he may also be held responsible if things
go sour, his fate inextricably linked to Clinton.

Gore refuses to address that issue, choosing to comment instead
on Clinton's remarkable resilience.

"For six years now, the president has been the object of various
attacks," he said. "He has faced various challenges and problems
in the policy, political and personal realms. And what endures
is the feeling of the American people that his presidency has
been good for this nation. . . . I believe that's the reason why
the attacks against the president over these six years have not
changed the opinion of the American people that he's an excellent
president."

The strategy of focusing on issues won't change now, he says.

Clinton "is completely focused on his job as president and the
agenda that he's pursuing on behalf of the country," Gore insisted.
"The rest of us are doing the same thing."

In fact, Gore became most animated when he turned to a policy
that probably has more political risks than benefits: global climate
change.

"I think the more Americans see this unusual string of weather-related
disasters of the kind the scientists say will be more common with
global warming, the more people are going to insist that we take
action," he said, recounting with growing passion his recent
visits to river valleys across the country that have seen devastating
floods.

"I visited a community in Tennessee on Wednesday where seven
people lost their lives when a 30-foot wall of water came through
a community -- worst flood they've ever had, by far," he marveled.

Good training, perhaps, for the political deluge ahead.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Matt Mendelsohn, USA TODAY; PHOTO, B/W, Doug Mills, AP

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              25 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                       May 8, 1998, Friday, FIRST EDITION

GLOBAL WARMING

BYLINE: John Bacon; Traci Watson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 367 words


A dozen major companies have signed on to an initiative against
global warming. Toyota, 3M, Whirlpool and BP are among the industrial
giants joining the Pew Center for Global Climate Change. The center
will try to influence international efforts to combat global warming,
which many scientists say is a rise in temperatures that could
cause global catastrophe. The center's formation marks a new moderation
in the global warming debate, which has been characterized by
zealotry on both sides, supporters said.-- Traci Watson


ALSO THURSDAY . . .

-- CANINE SURVIVOR: Hundreds of people called the Society
for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals in St. Petersburg, Fla.,
hoping to adopt Shasta, a 100-pound Rottweiler who survived her
master's 200-foot suicide plunge from the Sunshine Skyway Bridge
into Tampa Bay on Wednesday. Shasta suffered only bruises.

NASA-designed balloon to circle earth

Three pilots plan to use a NASA-designed helium balloon, thin
as a sandwich bag and nearly as tall as the Empire State Building,
to circle the globe at the edge of space.

The three men plan to lift off from Australia in late December
or early January and cruise at an altitude of about 130,000 feet.
The trio plan to ride in a space capsule and cruise about 80,000
feet higher than any manned balloon has ever attempted.

Dave Liniger, 52, of Denver, Bob Martin, 44, a reporter and pilot
for KRQE-TV in Albuquerque, and John Wallington, 42, who owns
Balloon Aloft in Canberra, Australia, will depart from Alice Springs,
Australia, and hope to complete the 22,800-mile, nonstop trip
in 16-18 days.

They will spend that time in a pressurized gondola 8 feet in diameter
and 7 feet tall, packed with a life support system, three seats,
a bunk, several portholes and two hatches.

No balloonist has ever successfully circled the Earth. Uncooperative
governments, wind shifts, icing and other weather complications
doomed previous attempts, said Liniger, whose real estate franchise
organization is co-sponsoring the venture. "What we are doing
is trading dangers," Liniger said. "We are getting rid of all
those dangers (but) going to a higher altitude."

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, David Zalubowski, AP

TYPE: NATIONLINE

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              26 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 4, 1998, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Candidates set foot on campaign cybertrail

BYLINE: Steven Komarow

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 1219 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Political campaigns are tapping the Internet as
never before with eye-grabbing Web sites and sophisticated e-mail.

Now that the 1998 campaign dust has settled, supporters of this
new campaign tool are asking: Did it make any difference? One
thing is certain: It brought some new dash and color to the virtual
campaign trail.

In Florida, young visitors to the Web site for Republican gubernatorial
candidate Jeb Bush get to meet the candidate's dog, Marvin, while
high schoolers can take a peek at life on the campaign trail,
updated daily with fresh electronic snapshots.

In California, Sen. Barbara Boxer, a Democrat, picks up campaign
donations as supporters meet in on-line chat rooms.


The spiffy new Internet campaigns also serve up mudslinging, fund-raising,
negative ads and, for an electronic contribution, even an old-fashioned
bumper sticker.

Campaign consultant Phil Noble, president of PoliticsOnline, based
in Charleston, S.C., says the on-line campaigns this year are
a far cry from the "campaign brochures in the sky" that marked
the 1996 efforts.

"Now we're seeing campaigns actually experiment with using the
interactive features of the medium," he says.

Politicians are still trying to figure out how best to employ
this largely untested campaign tool. The potential is vast. According
to early exit polls, four in 10 voters say they are regular users
of the Internet, and they gave Republicans a slight edge over
Democrats in their votes on House races.

But to effectively use the Internet, the campaigns must overcome
impediments not known in other mass media.

Unlike television ads, which many people either passively endure
or absorb, Internet advertising is considered an intrusion. E-mail
users are particularly quick to reject unsolicited messages, which
they derisively call "SPAM."

So the Web sites try to lure the uninterested with clever and
even useful features.

In Georgia, the Democratic gubernatorial candidate, Roy Barnes,
lures the virtual voyeurs with a live camera in his campaign headquarters,
accessible on his Internet site 24 hours a day. The Bush Web site
in Florida includes a "School Zone" offering nonpartisan classroom
projects for teachers.

Politicians also are using the Web to raise money. Visitors to
many sites can donate with a credit card, much as they buy books
on-line. Donors are asked to check an electronic box on the site
attesting that the contribution meets federal rules that prohibit
corporate or foreign donations.

Boxer's site, a cornucopia of technical wizardry, instantly checks
to make sure the credit card is valid. The site is available in
English or Spanish and offers everything from on-line chat rooms
to Boxer clothing and bumper stickers.

Like Internet commerce in general, fund-raising on-line got off
to a slow start. But Noble says the climate is changing.

"We have seen that the closer we get to Election Day, the more
contributions are being made, and the bigger those contributions
are," he says.

But with all of the Internet's razzle-dazzle, it is unclear whether
it matters in elections. Many experts are skeptical.

"Do they have these Web sites just because it's the 'in' thing
to do, or can they really make them make a marginal difference?"
asks Don Goff, a research associate at American University.

"I think the Internet has been greatly overrated as a campaign
tool," says Dan Shea, assistant professor in the Government and
Law Department of Lafayette College in Easton, Pa.

Despite an ever-expanding base of subscribers and sites, he says,
the Internet still reaches mostly upper-income people who are
most likely to have made up their minds long ago.

It's hard to make converts in that audience because users also
tend to expose themselves only to what they want to see and hear.

One way to avoid offending voters with SPAM, or unsolicited e-mail,
is to get others to send out those messages. The Bush site, for
example, invites visitors to click a button and e-mail some Bush
support to friends.

Apparently lobbying friends is a popular pastime. Blue Mountain
Arts, a Colorado greeting card company, offers free electronic
get-out-the-vote cards on its site. Spokeswoman Erica Wilhelm
said 110,000 had been sent by Monday night.

From gay activists to the religious right, interest groups used
e-mail heavily in the final days of the campaign to get their
supporters voting on the races and referendums.

Internet consultant John Aravosis, who set up a Web site to chronicle
the torture slaying in Wyoming of a gay student, turned that site
into an outlet for urging people to dump House Republicans who
derailed a federal hate crimes bill.

"Before the Internet, get-out-the-vote was exclusively the domain
of political campaigns and large organizations," he says. "Now,
one well-connected guy can make a difference from his living room."

Noble says he suspects that mass e-mailing is being used by campaigns
to a greater extent than expected. While it may not change many
minds, he says it may prod supporters to get out and vote. And
a lot of campaigns are won by the candidate who best mobilized
his or her supporters.

The kind of attack advertising known for decades on television
has spread to the Web. For example, visitors to www.rai sedtaxes.com
find a condemnation of Republican Nancy Hollister, the Ohio lieutenant
governor who challenged Democratic Rep. Ted Strickland.

In the hotly contested New York Senate race, incumbent Republican
Al D'Amato and Democrat Charles Schumer's sites were a virtual
slugfest.

Campaign Web sites learned to protect themselves from sabotage.
Many used to feature an on-line counter, much like a car's odometer,
to show how many people had seen them. But hackers tinkered with
the counters so often that they've been removed.

The Internet also makes disinformation, intentional or otherwise,
a whole lot easier. ABC News was embarrassed on Election Day when
its Web site, long before polls closed, declared winners and losers
across the country. It wasn't hackers to blame, but a labor dispute.
The network Monday had locked out technicians who held a wildcat
strike. Perhaps because of an inexperienced substitute, a prototype
of its election night system accidentally was placed on-line during
a test.

On-line scandalmonger Matt Drudge flashed ABC's bad fortune across
the country with an e-mail declaring it "the biggest nightmare
of the Internet Era."

The problem was quickly fixed, however, and ABC competed Tuesday
night for the traffic of voters looking for the results and analysis.

With the presidency not on the ballot this time, the best news
sites take advantage of computer power to offer browsers customized
local results. The USA TODAY site, for example, allows a visitor
to enter his or her ZIP code to reach relevant races.

Goff expects Internet campaigning to make major strides by 2000,
based on lessons learned this year. Still, he said, out of the
75% of federal and state campaigns that have Web sites, many are
not using the medium to its full potential.

"We're past the baby stuff stage," he says. "But they still
use it pretty passively."

LOAD-DATE: November 05, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, b/w, Internet(3)

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              28 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    April 1, 1998, Wednesday, FIRST EDITION

Clinton focuses on environment after 2-day safari

BYLINE: Mimi Hall

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 438 words

DATELINE: GABORONE, Botswana


GABORONE, Botswana -- After seeing big game on a two-day safari
he pronounced "beyond my wildest dreams," President Clinton
offered Tuesday a small-scale program to analyze land-use changes
in southern Africa. He also said he would push for ratification
of a treaty to protect farmland from encroaching deserts.

"Any human being who spends any appreciable . . . time in a uniquely
pristine place full of the wonders of animal and plant life instinctively
feels humanity's sacred obligation to preserve our environment,"
Clinton said.


After meeting with environmentalists at the Mokolodi Nature Reserve,
Clinton said he hopes his visit to Botswana will encourage more
tourism here.

He regaled a small crowd at the nature reserve with a long list
of the animals he and first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton saw over
the past two days at Chobe National Park in northern Botswana.

"I saw all the things that I dreamed of seeing, from elephants
and hippos to giraffes and lions," Clinton said.

He also saw something called a monitor lizard. "And I thought
of all the people I would like that lizard to monitor," he joked.
"But unfortunately, I could not catch it and take it home."

He said Sens. James Jeffords, R-Vt., and Russell Feingold, D-Wis.,
would push for Senate ratification of the United Nations Convention
to Combat Desertification, a treaty signed in 1994. It is aimed
at stopping "desertification," the drying up of farmland worldwide.
It has been stalled in the Senate since 1996.

One-fourth of Africa is desert.

"Sounds like the treaty of the week," said Marc Thiessen, spokesman
for the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. He had no further
comment on whether committee chairman Sen. Jesse Helms, R-N.C.,
supports or opposes ratification.

Clinton also announced that NASA will begin the first scientific
assessment of the environment in southern Africa. The space agency
will spend $ 200,000 on satellite and ground-based surveillance
to study land-use changes that follow drought.

"We must act together to address the threat of global climate
change," Clinton said.

Today, the president tours a military base in Thies, Senegal,
where 30 U.S. Special Forces troops are training Senegalese forces
in peacekeeping maneuvers such as convoy protection and checkpoint
traffic control.

Before heading back to Washington late Thursday, Clinton will
finish his 12-day, six-nation tour of Africa with a visit to the
Slave House at Goree Island. The island off the coast of Dakar,
Senegal's capital, was a shipping point for slaves to the New
World.

LOAD-DATE: April 01, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, USA TODAY(Map); PHOTO, b/w, Paul J. Richards, AFP

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              32 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 15, 1998, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Gender propriety key issue N.C. coach stays course, gets support

BYLINE: Roscoe Nance

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 1542 words

DATELINE: CHAPEL HILL, N.C.


CHAPEL HILL, N.C. -- The aftershocks of the sexual harassment
suit against University of North Carolina coach Anson Dorrance
reach deep into the women's soccer community.

Immediate tremors from the case are being felt at North Carolina,
where Dorrance has become an icon in women's soccer after coaching
the Tar Heels to 15 national championships in the last 17 years.

The U.S. women's national team also is feeling the reverberations.
Dorrance built that squad into an international power that won
the inaugural Women's World Cup in 1991 before stepping down as
coach in 1994. He coached several members of the current squad,
including midfielder Debbie Keller, a plaintiff in the case. And
Tracy Ducar, another former North Carolina player who was a volunteer
assistant coach with the Tar Heels and is a goalkeeper on the
national team, was named in the suit.


The effect of the case extends even to the coaching ranks and
raises the issue of the propriety of men coaching female athletes
and proper behavior and language of coaches of both genders.

The big story

"The first thing everybody thought was college soccer," Notre
Dame women's coach Chris Petrucelli says. "But it goes way beyond
that. Nobody really knows what it's about at this point. The unfortunate
part is we have so many positive things going on in women's soccer.
It's kind of unfair to the kids who play the game. It's probably
going to be a story for a while."

Keller, a former All-American at North Carolina, and Melissa Jennings,
a former walk-on goalkeeper with the Tar Heels, filed their civil
suit Aug. 25 in U.S. District Court in Chicago. The suit names
Dorrance, three assistant women's coaches and other university
officials, including Chancellor Michael Hooker, and claims university
leaders were aware of Dorrance's conduct but failed to act.

The suit alleges, among other charges, Dorrance used his position
as coach to coerce Keller into meeting him twice and then made
unwelcome sexual advances and engaged in inappropriate physical
contact with her; made uninvited physical contact with Keller
by placing his arms and hands on her body on multiple occasions;
made lewd and degrading remarks about team members in front of
Keller and Jennings; and encouraged Jennings to drink alcohol
while she was a minor. It also alleges Dorrance had Jennings withdraw
$ 400 from her bank account to buy Gatorade for a game against
Clemson in an emergency when Hurricane Fran struck the Chapel
Hill area.

Athletic director Dick Baddour said a university investigation
determined Dorrance committed one act that did not meet the standard
of good conduct: asking Jennings to withdraw money from her account,
which was repaid. An apology was made for that incident.

Jennings and Keller each seek $ 1 million in compensatory damages
and a collective $ 10 million in punitive damages.

Dorrance, who is married and has three children, has vowed to
fight the allegations until his name is cleared. That's a process
that could take years as the case winds it way through the legal
system.

In the meantime, Dorrance and the Tar Heels are trying to minimize
the negative effects by continuing to do what they've done in
the past -- play winning soccer.

The Tar Heels are in their familiar spot atop the national rankings
with a 4-0 record that includes victories against No. 14 Hartford
and No. 2 Notre Dame last weekend in the Carolina Classic.

Dorrance says he won't change his personalized style of coaching,
which includes his preference of players calling him by his first
name. He has been encouraged to stay the course with his coaching
style by everyone from current and former Tar Heel players to
Carmen Hooker, wife of the North Carolina chancellor.

"We don't want to change anything," Dorrance says. "We think
what we have here is fantastically unique. We have a great chemistry,
and there is a great rapport between all the players and the staff.
. . . What we don't want to have happen to the team is for them
to feel like they have to win for us. . . . I can predict already
how the media is going to treat any kind of success or failure.

"If we're successful, they're going to say they rallied around
us and were fighting for us. If we lose a game, they're going
to say it had nothing to do with our opponent. It had to do with
the internal thing that was going on. We're trying to make sure
it's neither."

Following the news conference at which Baddour and Dorrance responded
to the allegations, team members gave their own statement supporting
Dorrance. And whether he wants it or not, midfielder Tiffany Roberts
says the Tar Heels are playing for him because they always have.

"Anson is the core of Carolina's tradition," Roberts says. "Whenever
we play, we play for Anson no matter what's going on in the background.
What has helped most is we haven't changed anything. We have a
strong program based on tradition, and we're sticking to it. He
knows it's best not to change. He's worried about (the suit),
but he does a good job not showing it so we can stay focused."

'More personal' issue

Staying focused is also the No. 1 priority for the national team,
which is competing in U.S. Cup '98 and preparing to host next
summer's World Cup.

"Something like this is something that could just tear the heart
out of a team," national team coach Tony DiCicco says. "But
it's been anything but that. Players are playing to get better
and playing to win."

The team released a statement that in part said ". . . It would
be inappropriate for us to comment . . . on such a sensitive and
complex issue that is currently in litigation." For the most
part, team members are allowing their statement to speak for them.

"I feel sorry for Anson and Keller and the soccer community,
which has to go through this after the (President) Clinton junk,"
forward Michelle Akers says. "In the past, we have been able
to put differences and adversities behind us. The goal ahead of
the team has always been more important. We hope to do that with
this. We've gone through some stuff in the past. But this lines
up on a more personal note."

DiCicco says he spoke with U.S. Soccer Federation lawyers about
the legal ramifications of having Keller and Ducar in training
with the national team. But he never considered not bringing them
in.

"Otherwise, we wouldn't be able to deal with it as a family if
we didn't have both parties available," he says. "I'm proud
of the way the team responded. It's really a non-issue."

That it has been a non-issue is a relief for Keller and Ducar.

"Things are great," says Keller, who scored a goal Saturday
in the USA's 9-0 win vs. Mexico. "The team's doing fine. I'm
just happy to be back here and playing. We're here for a purpose:
to win the U.S. Cup and ultimately the World Cup."

Says Ducar, who the suit alleges had been aware of a pattern of
abuse by Dorrance but kept silent: "This team is really good
about separating (issues). I didn't know what to expect. Everybody
has been great understanding what we're here for. We're here for
soccer, leave the legal stuff to the legal people. . . . I'm here
to win a position on the team. I can't let other things distract
me from that goal."

The team addressed the issue Sept. 7 in a meeting before its first
practice.

"We spoke about what our behavorial options are," DiCicco says.
"The team chose to focus on using this event to get better and
taking one more step toward getting closer to regaining our world
championship status. It's a unique situation. It's a bit awkward."

Profound effect

Only time will tell how damaging this scandal is for North Carolina
in particular and women's soccer in general. But many coaches
say regardless of the outcome, some good has come from it.

"The silver lining is people are talking about where is the line
in terms of coach-player dialogue," says University of Virginia
women's coach April Heinrichs, a former national team captain
who played at North Carolina. "That will be helpful to our climate.
People are asking questions of one another. What we're finding
now is how to develop relationships with athletes without stepping
over the line. My rule of thumb is don't do or say anything you
wouldn't do or say in front of parents. The effect of this on
the world of soccer can be very profound. . . . This lawsuit will
have all male coaches check themselves. All coaches will check
themselves. Is that something good? Yes. I think it's great."

Duke women's team coach Bill Hempen says the lawsuit against Dorrance
certainly has caused him to think twice.

"The moment I heard about the thing, I started to think immediately
about the things I do as a coach," Hempen says. "It will cause
us to step back."

That was the case Friday after a 3-0 loss to Notre Dame in the
Carolina Classic in a performance that Hempen said was his team's
poorest in 10 years.

"I watched everything I could say," he says. "It's something
that maybe a week or two weeks ago I wouldn't have thought about
every word I could say. It's a scary thing."

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Scott Sharpe for USA TODAY; PHOTOS, B/W, Scott Sharpe for
USA TODAY (2)

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              34 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 21, 1998, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Halloween, a 'man hunt' and other scary stuff

BYLINE: Sam Vincent Meddis

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 8D; The Net: New and Notable

LENGTH: 834 words


Entertaining

* The Ultimate Band List gets a listening station.
"Yup, just like that store you drive to."

www.ubl.com

* Halloween98 boasts "spooktacular" sounds, an on-line
sequel tothe creepy classic Creature From the Black Lagoon
and Hollywood horror memorabilia.

Halloween98.com

* Take a stroll through a virtual museum, dedicated to
dinosaurs, from the folks at Britannica.


dinosaurs.eb.com

* Looking for a Web site for ghoulish movies like, well,
The Mad Ghoul or that other B-rated wonder, Valley of
the Zombies? Look no further than the aptly named Horror
Search.

horrormovies.com/links

Educational

* Join actor Alan Alda for science lessons. Or find out
how the presidency has changed. These and many other educational
resources are waiting at the new TeacherSource. More than
1,000 free lesson plans, teacher guides and online activities.

www.pbs.org/teachersource

* Earthlings can find a universe of extraterrestrial info
at Astronomy Now Online. Ranges from news about the SETI
Institute's search for alien civilizations to archive photos of
the lunar surface.

www.astronomynow.com

* When it comes to improving the nation's schools, Washington
may not be able to get its act together. But thanks to the Web,
we can. Keep informed on the latest studies and trends at Education
Week. A special report focuses on technology.

www.edweek.org

Financial

* The International Monetary Fund finds itself
at the center of the globe's financial stage these days. And this
site ushers you to a front-row seat to the drama. Includes the
agency's new World Economic Outlook report.

www.imf.org

* Web specialization hits Wall Street with a new site from
the Gay Financial Network. Along with investment info,
you'll find reports on the nation's gay scene. Registration is
required, but free.

www.gfn.com

Oddities

* She wanted to change her "man hunting techniques"
and cast a wider, ahem, net. Candidates are asked to fill out
an interactive form. Her motto: The woman who torments you for
the rest of your life should be the right one. (Please note: We
disclaim any responsibility for what may happen to you.)

deej.org/personal/hubbyhunt.html

* Somebody named Peter Gilstrap decided he had something
unusual to offer cyberspace: his "huge collection" of oddball
records. Oddball may be an understatement.

www.phoenixnewtimes.com/extra/gilstrap/crawl.html

People

* The Black World Today goal of building an on-line
worldwide black community takes another impressive step forward
with connections to the rich content of American Visions Magazine.

www.tbwt.com

* Put the Nobel Prizes in historical context with
the help of a site that includes an archive of previous winners.
Along with a big collection of other Web links.

www.nobelprizes.com

* The Priests of Saint Basil have made the jump
to cyberspace. And the Web may very well extend the evangelistic
reach of this international religious congregation.

www.basilian.org

* Here's a site that seeks to answer the imponderable question
of what men want. A self-quiz promises detailed advice.
Along with discussion areas.

whatmenwant.com

Public affairs

* The White House Project describes itself as a
nonprofit, nonpartisan effort that aims to change the nation's
political climate, so that more women can launch successful campaigns
for key offices, including the presidency. Cast your vote here.

www.thewhitehouseproject.org

* Think biological warfare is the stuff of science
fiction? A Frontline special may change your mind. Includes
interviews with scientists and government intelligence officials.

www.pbs.org/wgbh/pages/frontline/shows/plague

Useful resources

* Worried about your kids finding inappropriate stuff through
a Web search engine? Alta Vista suggests that you try a new family
filter feature that claims to reduce the chance you'll view
objectionable material, including hate speech and violence.

www.altavista.com

* Whether you work from home or at times just wish you
could, you're invited to subscribe to Telecommuting News.The monthly e-mail
newsletter promises up-to-date resources and
advice.

www.momsrefuge.com/telecommute

* Have you passed up researching your family tree because
you thought it might be too complicated? Think again. Ancestry.comdisplays a
host of genealogical resources in one convenient directory.
A search box makes a basic inquiry a snap.

www.ancestry.com

* Mercury Awards are aimed at recognizing hospitals for
outstanding performance in quality of care, patient services and
market reputation. The program has begun rolling out to cities
across the nation, and results for Chicago and Boston are available.

www.ahn.com/Awards/about.htm

USA TODAY lists sites we consider newsworthy; we don't endorse
their products or services. Send suggestions to cyber@usatoday.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, Color (2); Get an education: Read 'American Education's Online
Newspaper of Record' at www.edweek.org. Currently on line: a special report on
technology in the schools. Or grab the kids and go tramping through the
primordial ooze at dinosaurs.eb.com. The site allows you to navigate through
different exhibits with a user-friendly site grid.

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              35 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 27, 1998, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Making an impression on the New York dining scene

BYLINE: Jerry Shriver

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 6D; Food & Dining

LENGTH: 888 words


Here's a look at a few of the most interesting New York restaurant
openings of the past year:

-- Asia de Cuba works best as a party room, thanks to its riotous
specialty drinks (the $ 15 "Tiki Puka Puka" blends three rums),
its festive desserts (guava mousse; coconut cake with mango ice
cream and warm chocolate gravy) and the out-there decor by French
designer Philippe Starck (billowing white drapes, a hologram mountainscape,
fireplaces and a 50-foot communal table). But for serious dining
it's disappointing: The intriguing pairing of Asian and Latino
flavors is only partially successful (the tamarind-and-rum-glazed
pork works; the coffee-lacquered duck doesn't); the waitstaff
has to work too hard to explain some dishes; and the "everything
meant to be shared" approach means someone may get stuck with
slicing and serving duties.

-- Just how does Balthazar, the epicenter of smart New York nightlife
for nearly a year, get it so right on nearly every level? If you
think you'll despise the place because of its too-beautiful clientele,
its clatter, its secret phone number for reservations . . . relax.
Once you're finally seated, Balthazar sweeps you into its never-ending
party and makes you feel necessary. The feel is that of a century-old
Lyon bistro where the locals of various classes celebrate with
honest drink and food. Here, the menu is reasonably priced (hors
d'oeuvres $ 6.50-$ 14; entrees $ 15-$ 24) and wholly satisfying, thanks
to classics such as brandade de morue (pureed salt cod),
steak frites and cassoulet. Wash them down with a $ 12 carafe of
wine or a $ 100 Bordeaux. It won't be the meal of your life, but
maybe the time of your life.

-- It helps to be in love when you visit Bouley Bakery -- in
love with David Bouley's fabled culinary skills, last seen at
the captivating Bouley before it closed in 1996. Otherwise, the
prices at his new, understated bakery/dining room may seem uncivil.
Bouley employs top-notch ingredients and makes them give their
all, but when entrees run $ 28-$ 34 and desserts $ 7.50-$ 10.50, you
expect more grandeur. The best approach is to order the $ 35 three-course
lunch, which allows you to sample delights such as baby skate
with braised fennel and hot chocolate brioche pudding -- without
wincing.

-- Manhattan's predictable Mexican dining scene brightened considerably
when Maya opened last spring. Chef/owner Richard Sandoval, a native
of Mexico, presents dishes grounded in tradition yet modern in
spirit and presentation. A mandatory starter is the sopa de
elote, a sweet, creamy corn soup accented with huitlacoche,
a black corn fungus tasting of wild mushrooms. Sandoval's earthy
sauces lend smoke, sweetness and/or spice to a variety of dishes,
particularly the beef fillet with mole sauce and the red snapper
with sweet cilantro chipotle sauce. Desserts don't always match
the entree standards -- an argument for saving that second mango
margarita until the end.

-- The chic ladies of leisure on the Upper East Side have a new
best friend in Francois Payard, pastry chef at the renowned Restaurant
Daniel. He has opened the bustling Payard Patisserie among the
antique shops, and it's a cheery, though noisy, place to do lunch
(tea and dinner also are served). The bistro fare is a cut above
but still just a warm-up for dessert. The frequently changing
Grand Tasting combo is what you want -- something chocolate, something
fruity, something creamy and a special Payard creation. If you're
lucky, it will include the hazelnut-chocolate mousse under a chocolate
bombe adorned with flecks of gold.

-- Two early candidates for "dish of the year" consideration
come from Laurent Gras, the new chef at Peacock Alley in the Waldorf-Astoria
hotel. Gras, formerly chef de cuisine at world-class Alain Ducasse
in Paris and Louis XV in Monte Carlo, already has elevated the
fare and service here beyond most expectations in just five months.
Two standouts among his fresh/seasonal offerings: seaweed and
field greens salad, and wild turbot with sea lettuce. The salad
is a tangle of greens (20 types, he says) and seaweed, dressed
lightly with black truffle vinaigrette. Surrounding it are caramelized
root vegetables and tiny scoops of lemon pulp performing a most
amazing balancing act. The turbot sits atop briny sea lettuce
and is surrounded by a puddle of lobster and crayfish stock. It
tastes so much of the sea you'd swear you're under water. And
Gras says he's just getting started.

-- A spirit of liberty pervades Union Pacific, the contemporary
American eatery with global touches that opened last fall in the
Flatiron district: freedom from menu cliches, freedom to explore
food-wine pairings without breaking the bank, and freedom to converse
at a civilized pitch. A serene, Pacific-inspired decor sets the
stage for chef Rocco DiSpirito, who treats his ingredients simply
and very well. There's genius in the harmony he achieves. Recent
lunch highlights included sauteed skate with sweet-potato puree
and blood oranges; white truffle risotto with a shrimp fondue;
and a dessert of delicate pear soup with fromage blanc sorbet.
Bonus: The descriptive wine list offers lots of unusual options,
by the glass and half-glass.


LOAD-DATE: February 27, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Bernd Auers; PHOTO, Color, Stan Godlewski for USA TODAY

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              36 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      March 9, 1998, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Small cars flood European market

BYLINE: Micheline Maynard

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 768 words


Automakers from Ford and General Motors to Renault and Toyota
are rolling out new small cars at the Geneva Motor Show.

The emphasis is easy to understand: Small cars, from compact to
minicar, make up more than half of Europe's 12 million annual
sales.

The newcomers on display here include:

-- Opel Astra, the first new version in six years of GM's biggest-selling
car in the world. It produces Astra at seven plants in 11 countries.


It is hitting the market about six months behind prime competitor
Volkswagen Golf.

Early Astra reviews have been warm, and GM officials also are
pleased with quality at three plants where it is now in production:
Bochum, Germany; Antwerp, Belgium; and Elsmere Port, England.

-- Ford Focus, which will replace the Ford Escort around the
world, including in the USA. Focus features a sharp-lined styling
that Ford calls "New Edge."

Ford says it chose the name because it is basically the same in
many languages and typifies the company's new global approach.

Focus has the first all-new platform resulting from Ford 2000,
which reorganized the company's product development operations
on a global basis.

-- Toyota, which has barely 3% of the European car market, is
drawing plenty of attention with small Yaris, created specifically
for this market.

Yaris will be built at Toyota's new plant in northern France,
set to open around 2000.

The little car is about the size of a Toyota Tercel and features
a scooped front grille that seems an homage to Aston Martin. The
rear end is rounded, and the car has plenty of headroom for its
short length.

-- Renault Clio II, the first redesign of the French automaker's
small car since it was introduced in 1990.

It goes on sale here this month, and Renault expects to build
3.5 million a year at three plants around the world.

Renault is touting efficiency improvements. But it took 40 months
for Renault to develop Clio II, vs. 31 months for Chrysler's Neon
and 24 months for a typical Toyota. Renault said it cut parts
on the car from 3,200 to 2,300, still hundreds more than on Japanese
small cars.

ESP alert: Technology-sensitive Europe has a new acronym:
ESP.

ESP -- electronic stability program -- is popping up as a feature
on many new vehicles at Geneva, including Astra and Focus.

It is best known as the fix that saved the Mercedes-Benz A-Class.
Mercedes was forced to halt production of its small car after
Swedish journalists tipped it during a tight handling course known
as the "elk test," which is used to show how cars perform when
faced with unexpected obstacles, such as a herd of elk wandering
onto the road.

Engineers reworked parts of the car with ESP, and it went back
on sale in Europe last week.

ESP is meant to improve vehicle safety by enhancing anti-lock
braking and traction control systems. That's especially important
for small cars, which are more vulnerable to sudden movements.

ESP is designed to automatically correct for oversteer or understeer
during severe driving conditions such as quick lane changes on
ice or snow.

Also known as "yaw control," ESP is made by suppliers such as
Robert Bosch. In the USA, Cadillac offers a similar system.

Just kidding: Mercedes has taken some ribbing at
the Geneva show over the infamous "elk test."

The A-Class saga has prompted so many quips that Mercedes is planning
to publish an elk test joke book, although Dieter Zetsche, Mercedes
world marketing chief, admits, "It took us a few weeks (after
the test) to join in the laughter."

Sweden's Volvo is taking a friendly jab at its competitor at the
Geneva show.

Mounted on a wall of its stand, gazing down at the Mercedes A-Class
display across an aisle, is a giant stuffed elk head.

Mercedes has set up a telescope pointed at the elk.

New BMW? Is it too much like its predecessor or just what
a BMW should be? That's the debate over the new version of BMW's
small 3-series, the fifth generation of the sports sedan that
looks almost identical to the fourth.

Board member Helmut Panke says buyers want a car that looks like
a BMW.

It's a contrast to Mercedes' approach, which has been to jazz
up the look of some cars and add spunky small cars.

"It's up to consumers whether they want continuity or variety,"
Zetsche says.

Set to go on sale in Europe in May and in the USA next fall, the
latest 3-series is just 1.6 inches longer than its predecessor.

But BMW is changing the interior, adding an inch more knee room
and a half-inch more legroom.

LOAD-DATE: March 09, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, BMW; PHOTO, B/W, Beatrix Stampfli, AP; PHOTO, B/W, Pascal
Volery, Reuters

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              37 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     March 27, 1998, Friday, FINAL EDITION
                              Correction Appended

OPEC's big test Feuds, cheating may foil plan to raise prices

BYLINE: Beth Belton; David Lynch

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1418 words


When the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries gathers
Monday in Vienna, it will face the biggest test of its power to
dominate the global oil market since the gas lines of the 1970s.

Can a cash-starved OPEC control crude oil prices?

Many experts doubt it. The world's oil producing countries simply
are too dependent on oil revenue -- and too greedy -- to follow
through on pledges to pump less oil.

Crude oil prices fell 40% since November. But they regained almost
half that loss this week after OPEC members Saudi Arabia and Venezuela
and nonmember Mexico pledged to cut production by 600,000 barrels
a day. A dozen other countries followed, bringing the total to
about 1.5 million barrels a day. And Thursday, Norway said it
is considering cuts, while Russia's biggest oil company promised
to cut exports. Neither is an OPEC member. Oil closed up 2% Thursday
at $ 16.83 a barrel.


In Vienna, OPEC plans to confirm its production cuts and, members
hope, prop up the price of oil. Oil supply exceeds demand by 2
million barrels a day.

But as prices rise, the temptation to cheat on those voluntary
agreements will be powerful. OPEC countries are notorious for
lying about how much oil they're producing. A global web of tanker
sailors, dock workers and oil rig tattlers secretly communicate
to the rest of the world how much OPEC countries are really producing.
OPEC nations routinely spy on each other as they continue to produce
above quota, all the while feuding over who cheats the most and
who must stop cheating first.

The result: Before they can stop themselves, the promised production
cuts have evaporated. World markets are flooded with oil, and
the price plunges.

What a change since 1973, when the Arab oil embargo, imposed to
punish the United States for its military support of Israel during
fighting with Syria and Egypt, forced Americans to fume in gas
lines. Then, few groups so terrified Americans as did OPEC. Inflation,
unemployment and recession all seemed to flow from decisions made
at OPEC's Vienna headquarters.

Today, a barrel of oil costs a bit more than half of its inflation-adjusted
1974 price. And OPEC produces only 40% of the world's oil, vs.
65% in 1973.

Want unmistakable evidence of OPEC's decline? This week's announced
production cuts aim to halt a painful oil price decline, rather
than impose a sky's-the-limit increase.

OPEC's loss of market mastery has had profound consequences for
the USA. At home, cheaper oil fuels one of the era's most important
trends: suburbanization. Abroad, the collapse of the oil weapon
eviscerated the Arab world's chief tool for influencing U.S. Middle
East policy.

"OPEC has gone from being an acronym that made people quake to
the initials of what is really a trade association and discussion
forum," says Daniel Yergin, an energy consultant and author of
The Prize, a history of the oil industry. "What is dominant
now is not OPEC or any group of companies, but the market itself."

Its own worst enemy

Many of OPEC's woes can be traced to its own behavior the past
quarter century. One problem is the cartel's ongoing refusal to
accurately account for how much oil it's producing, experts say.
There is a discrepancy -- more than 3 million barrels a day --
between what OPEC says it produces and how much it actually produces.
And neither figure matches quotas OPEC nations agreed to last
Thanksgiving.

Figuring out what OPEC means when it promises cuts is "like President
Clinton answering a question about his private life. You have
to ask exactly what does he mean," says Morris Adelman, a veteran
OPEC watcher at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology.

Snitch network

OPEC publishes production statistics, but the industry doesn't
trust them. That mistrust feeds a network of trade newsletters
and snitches at state-owned oil companies and on oil tankers who
help calculate OPEC production.

"We all have our own network of sources," says Tony Finizza,
chief economist of Atlantic Richfield, the Los Angeles-based oil
company. "There's so many people doing it that we all are relying
in a way on the same people. I'm not sure how many different points
of view we're getting."

Of course, no one wants to reveal their sources. A rival company
could try to lure the source away, and the source could be at
risk. There are people on docks in Venezuela, on oil rigs in Saudi
Arabia and on tankers crossing the world's oceans who could lose
their jobs or worse if it was revealed that they give or sell
information about the movement of oil.

One problem is that tracking OPEC's 28.5 million barrels a day
as they move around the world is a daunting task.

"We count rigs. We count ships. We look at OPEC statistics. We
look at wire news service reports" of rig or refinery repairs
and shutdowns, says David Bellman, consultant to Purvin &
Gertz Crude Oil & Refining Outlook in Houston.

But ultimately there's guesswork and judgment involved.

"There's no real incentive to be entirely transparent," Finizza
says. And Jeffrey Kerr, consultant to Petroleum Intelligence
Weekly adds: "It's not all OPEC. In many parts of the oil
producing world, inadequate equipment and failures make our job
very difficult."

OPEC says it stands by its numbers. But the lack of an effective
monitoring system or credible effort to police oil production
means the countries operate on an honor system.

Changing economics

Beyond OPEC's accounting troubles, seeds of decline were contained
within its success in the 1970s. Soaring oil prices, though bad
news for consumers in the industrialized world, dramatically changed
the economics of the oil business. Suddenly, exploring for petroleum
deposits in risky, high-cost areas such as the North Sea, with
its 50-foot waves and 70 mile-per-hour winds, became potentially
profitable.

Production by non-OPEC members has jumped 51% since the 1973 oil
embargo, while OPEC's output has actually declined by more than
10%, according to Cambridge Energy Research Associates.

At the same time, rising oil company revenues resulting from OPEC's
price increases fueled technological developments that both facilitated
finding those new deposits and drove operating costs sharply lower.
In 1977, engineers studying Alaska's Prudhoe Bay concluded there
were about 9 billion barrels of oil there. Today, thanks to improved
subsea mapping technologies, that figure has been revised to 12
billion barrels -- a 33% increase.

Better technology also has cut operating costs, allowing oil companies
to profit even when oil prices are as low as last week's $ 14-per-barrel
mark. Three-dimensional seismic surveys, floating platforms and
horizontal drilling techniques all moved exploration and drilling
well beyond the 1970s state-of-the-art. Example: From 1981 to
1994, the most recent figures available, offshore drilling costs
fell 38%.

Tangible proof of the industry's shifting balance of power can
be found in the warm waters of the Gulf of Mexico. At a depth
of 3,200 feet, Amoco is trying to produce oil from a portion of
vast undersea deposits that may total 20 billion barrels. That
would have been an unimaginable feat during OPEC's 1970s ascendancy,
when drilling through 1,000 feet of water was considered an accomplishment.

So OPEC, which used to dictate what the world's supply would be,
must now actively coordinate oil production policy with non-OPEC
nations. The increased competition also helps explain why it is
so hard to get oil producing nations to agree to cut production.
Each fears the others won't cut production and will grab markets
that can never be regained.

For the producing countries, of course, the price decline has
been painful. Saudi Arabia, OPEC's largest producer, saw oil revenue
peak in 1981 at $ 119 billion. Four years later, as new supplies
and softening demand eroded oil prices, the figure had fallen
to $ 26 billion. Today, three-quarters of the government's budget
comes from oil revenues, so the most recent price decline has
squeezed the economy and raised the specter of cuts in public
spending.

Because oil is so vital to their economies, experts expect OPEC
to continue to influence oil prices for the time being. But the
cartel is "untenable in the longer run," Adelman says.

Lynch reported from London; Belton from Washington

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: March 31, 1998, Tuesday

CORRECTION:  The source for data in a graphic that appeared Friday on crude oil
production by the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries was Petroleum
Intelligence Weekly.

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, color, Dave Merrill, USA TODAY, Source:USA TODAY research(Line
graph); GRAPHIC, b/w, Sources:AP; Petroleum Intelligence World; International
Energy Agency, Paris(Chart); PHOTO, b/w, AP

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              38 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 15, 1998, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Oil prices sag to 10-year lows

BYLINE: James Kim

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 275 words


Don't expect a major rebound in oil prices soon.

The price of a barrel of benchmark light-sweet crude fell 16 cents
to $ 12.59 Friday, the lowest price since October 1988. The price
is down 29% this year and might head even lower, given last week's
news that Japan is officially in recession. Other Asian countries
such as South Korea and Indonesia also are verging on recession.
The result: Demand for oil, and thus oil prices, will flag.

Other factors at work:

-- A warm winter here hurt demand, adding to the current domestic
oversupply. Stockpiles are glutted at a major oil delivery point
in Cushing, Okla. The summer driving season has yet to begin in
earnest.

-- The United Nations is letting Iraq -- whose output is strictly
regulated -- sell more oil, boosting the global supply.

"The consensus seems to be that there is just too much oil out
there," says oil trader Victor Yu at Refco. A price plunge might
benefit consumers by dragging down gas prices, which have ranged
from $ 1.10 to $ 1.14 a gallon the past month, vs. $ 1.06 in February,
the Lundberg Survey says.

For now, all eyes are on the Organization of Petroleum Exporting
Countries, which meets June 24 to try to hammer out agreements
to slow production and boost prices. OPEC has notoriously failed
to enforce past agreements. But Jack Aydin, analyst at McDonald
& Co., says that this year's cuts have taken root. The effects
were offset by plunging global demand. Still, he expects more
production cuts, from OPEC and non-OPEC countries.

But Yu doubts any meaningful cuts will happen and expects prices
to dip even more.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              39 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 14, 1998, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Ford's heir apparent joins next CEO in dynamic duo

BYLINE: Micheline Maynard; James R. Healey

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1343 words


William Clay Ford Jr. was a student at Princeton University in
the 1970s when his father, William Sr., sat him down one day and
asked him what he wanted to do for a living.

"Work for Ford, I guess," the younger Ford told his dad, a Ford
board member and executive.

"Don't do it on my account," the elder Ford replied. "If it's
in your heart, you have my blessing."

Working at Ford was, indeed, in Bill Ford's heart -- and Jan.
1, at age 41, he will become chairman of the Ford Motor board
of directors, once more giving the restive Ford family the namesake
leadership it favors. Bill Ford will be the first family member
to oversee the company since his uncle Henry Ford II stepped down
in 1980. And Bill Ford will be only the third family member in
charge since great-grandfather Henry founded the company 95 years
ago.


Ford Motor, the world's second-largest car company, made the announcement
Friday. Bill Ford replaces Chairman and CEO Alexander Trotman,
65, a year earlier than Trotman planned to retire. Taking Trotman's
duties as CEO will be colorful, decisive Jacques Nasser, 51 this
December. Nasser, head of Ford Automotive Operations, has transformed
Ford's sluggish product development operations the past two years.

Together, the kin of the founder and the lively, Australia-born
Nasser promise to be the most-watched team of auto executives
in the Motor City since sparring partners Henry Ford II and Lee
Iacocca ran Ford in the 1970s.

The pair could oversee No. 2 Ford's climb to No. 1 auto company.
Solid financial organization and an emphasis on high-profit trucks
already have Ford consistently out-earning Detroit rivals. Its
labor relations are good, meaning few strikes or disruptions.
And it is ahead of Detroit rivals in becoming a true global company,
not merely a U.S. firm with foreign operations.

Yet the pairing of a decisive -- even cocky, some would say --
CEO with the more-reserved Ford family chairman sets up a replay
of famous ego clashes between Iacocca and Ford, which cost Iacocca
his president's job and landed him at Chrysler.

Forget it, Bill Ford said: "I will lead the board. Jac
will lead the company." He praised Nasser, for whom he once worked,
as "one heck of a CEO." The men plan neighboring offices and
weekly breakfasts.

If it works as planned, the pairing will give the hurry-up Nasser
free rein to continue reforming Ford and shrinking its bureaucracy.
In his days as an overseas executive, he earned a reputation for
eliminating people and products he considered superfluous. As
head of Ford's Automotive Operations since Nov. 1, 1996, he has
left the company reeling by:

-- Slashing through years of indecision at Ford to kill the Ford
Thunderbird, Mercury Cougar, Aerostar minivan and Lincoln Mark
VIII as unprofitable. The Cougar name was resurrected for a small,
sporty coupe introduced this year. And a new version of T-Bird
is in the wings.

-- Luring celebrated designer J. Mays from Europe to Ford last
year. For Volkswagen, he'd penned the Audi A6 and Concept One
-- the show car on which the New Beetle is based. Mays was brought
in, not as a hot hand on the way up, but as Ford design chief.
"You'll begin to see more adventuresome styling in Ford vehicles,"
predicts George Peterson of AutoPacific.

-- Transplanting marketing operations for Ford's stodgy Lincoln
and Mercury brands from Detroit to southern California this year,
where he hopes West Coast attitudes modernize and enlighten the
brands.

Neither Nasser nor Ford would detail plans, saying they didn't
want to alert rivals. But Nasser said he will be neither slow
nor timid.

Surprise timing

Though the grapevine months ago anointed Ford-Nasser the next
executive team, Friday's confirmation came unexpectedly. Trotman
signed a contract last year to remain Ford chief until 2000.

"There is a time to move on," Trotman said Friday, in a non-answer
to the question that hung: Was he pushed out? The previous deadline
had been set, he said, when "we weren't hitting on all eight
cylinders" as a company, and when "there was a lot of criticism
of Ford 2000: What was it? Would it work?" Stability in the corner
office was thought necessary to get through the reorganization,
job changes and general confusion surrounding Ford 2000, he said.

Trotman said that's past: "We have made tremendous progress with
our globalization plans and with the overall improvements in the
performance of the company."

Bill Ford said he was tapped for the chairman's job by Trotman
himself and by outside board members -- those who don't work for
the automaker. "We've been discussing it at board meetings"
for probably a year," Trotman said. "At some point it went from
talking to saying, 'Yeah, this will work,' " Ford said.

Yet there were signs of haste. The board decided last week, and
Ford employees got word Friday, shortly before a quickly called
news conference hosted by Trotman, Nasser and Bill Ford. A handful
turned up to watch a broadcast of it at Ford headquarters in Dearborn,
Mich., where hand-scribbled announcements -- uncharacteristic
for such a big event -- were propped on easels.

Nasser took charge of the event. And saluting Trotman's leadership,
he once seemed critical: "Over the past few years, we've had
our ups and downs as company."

If Trotman fell, it has been quietly. He's a lifelong Ford man,
with the company since 1956. Ford has earned record profits under
him, and dominates the high-profit sport-utility vehicle market.

But its cars have been weak. A 1996 redesign of the Taurus hasn't
sold as well as hoped. And an early stab at globalization -- a
$ 6 billion investment in a car that could be sold in many countries
-- resulted in the Ford Contour and Mercury Mystique, which have
been lackluster performers in the USA.

Trotman's pay could rise to $ 2.12 million a year, retired, vs.
$ 2 million working, under Ford's pension.

His replacements -- "It takes two," he quipped -- inherit a
company with good labor relations. That's kept Ford up and running
while GM often has been hurt by strikes. Bill Ford, as it happens,
played a role in those good relations.

An early assignment was as a member of Ford's 1982 negotiating
team, which struck a landmark agreement with the United Auto Workers
union: Contract concessions in return for a say in Ford affairs.
That began a warm relationship.

Nasser, meantime, will become CEO having assembled an international
team to help him halve Ford's product-development costs, operate
with a global mindset, and hew to a "less is more" discipline
-- all continuations, he acknowledged, of Trotman's Ford 2000
precepts.

However bright the future looks, though, dark spots threaten Ford:

-- Disgruntled dealers: Ford has scored poorly in dealer
surveys by the National Automobile Dealers Association and by
auto consultant J.D. Power and Associates. Unhappy dealers are
less likely to accommodate customers -- by fixing free something
that failed just out of warranty, for example -- because they
don't trust the car company to reimburse them or give them credit.

"They always talk about partnerships, but that's bull," says
Ed Mullane, Ford dealer in Bergenfield, N.J., for 43 years. Mullane
complains about reduced dealer-profit margins, and about Ford's
plan to buy out dealerships, close them, then open a replacement
run by a company partly owned by Ford. "We are looking at different
alternatives" to current dealerships, Nasser said.

-- Testy federal regulators: The National Highway Traffic
Safety Administration continues to accuse Ford of withholding
documents during investigations of potential safety defects, and
of misstating results of NHTSA probes into Ford defects.

Ford denies wrongdoing. But such accusations can taint a company's
reputation, and legal wrangling can go on, well-publicized, for
years.

Contributing: Jayne O'Donnell and Earle Eldridge

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Carlos Osorio, AP; PHOTO, Color, John Freilich, AP

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              40 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 22, 1998, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Clinton's focus on foreign policy U.N. delegates cheer president

BYLINE: Susan Page

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 914 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK -- Like a man standing in the eye of a hurricane, President
Clinton urged international action against the threat of terrorism
in a speech to the United Nations Monday as much of the world's
attention was focused on a more personal threat to his presidency.

Clinton addressed the opening session of the General Assembly
with a 24-minute speech that didn't acknowledge the simultaneous
broadcast of his videotaped grand jury testimony in the Monica
Lewinsky affair. But he was greeted by an unusually warm reception
from hundreds of delegates who gave him an extended standing ovation
when he arrived.

He later told aides he was "gratified" by the reception, which
White House officials interpreted as an endorsement of his global
leadership.


"It reflects the love and respect the international community
feels for you," Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif told Clinton
when they met privately afterward, according to Clinton's national
security adviser, Sandy Berger.

The president devoted the day to foreign policy goals: fighting
terrorism in his U.N. speech, spreading the benefits of the global
economy in remarks to a New York University Law School conference,
curbing nuclear proliferation in his session with Sharif, dealing
with a defiant Iraq in a meeting with U.N. Secretary General Kofi
Annan.

The White House announced it would submit a $ 1.8 billion spending
bill to Congress this week to finance rebuilding the U.S. embassies
in Kenya and Tanzania, which were hit by terrorist bombs last
month, and improving security at other U.S. installations abroad.

But the broadcast of the 4-hour, 12-minute videotape provided
a weird juxtaposition during the day. That was true even on the
streets of New York: As Clinton's morning motorcade was on the
East Side carrying him to the United Nations, the huge screen
in the center of Times Square showed him reading a statement acknowledging
"inappropriate intimate contact" with Lewinsky.

As he began speaking in the cavernous U.N. chamber, on the tape
he was complaining about the "constant, unrelenting, illegal
leaks" in Paula Jones' lawsuit against him.

As he embraced South African Prime Minister Nelson Mandela at
an official luncheon, he was sparring with prosecutors over Lewinsky's
version of their contact.

"An awful day," White House spokesman Mike McCurry said when
it was nearly over, accusing congressional Republicans of "rank
partisanship" in releasing the tape. The tape showed that special
counsel Ken Starr's prosecutors had tried to "browbeat and badger"
the president, he said.

But Clinton, who had looked tired and subdued through the day,
seemed to revive in late afternoon after he joined the NYU conference
on how to foster freedom while encouraging growth in developing
nations. With British Prime Minister Tony Blair by his side, it
was just the sort of policy discussion in which Clinton revels.
Hillary Rodham Clinton, who had participated in an earlier discussion,
was in the audience.

Clinton's more buoyant mood may have reflected the cautious consensus
among White House officials that the videotape wasn't the knockout
punch that some Clinton foes had predicted. "I think, as in much
of the reporting on this matter, the facts sometimes don't match
the breathless anticipation," McCurry said. He said the tape
might even help convince the public that the president's misconduct
doesn't warrant impeachment.

In any case, Clinton's business-as-usual approach to the day was
part of the White House strategy: Show the president on the job
despite the distractions of scandal.

In the U.N. speech, Clinton called terrorism "a clear and present
danger to tolerant and open societies and innocent people everywhere,"
not a clash between the West and the Islamic world. He noted the
bloody costs of terrorist acts not only in Nairobi and Dar es
Salaam, where U.S. embassies were targeted, but also in Omagh,
Northern Ireland and the Tokyo subways. The toll includes innocent
victims from Kashmir and Sri Lanka to Albania and Iran, he said.

"In the Middle East, in Asia, in South America, how many agreements
have been thwarted after bombs blew up?" he said. "The question
is not only how many lives have been lost in each attack, but
how many futures were lost in their aftermath." He called on
all nations to act to deny terrorists financial support and sanctuary,
control the manufacture and export of explosives, tighten airport
security, step up extradition and prosecution, and support stronger
international treaty provisions against chemical and biological
weapons.

In the meeting with Sharif, the Pakistani prime minister told
Clinton he would deliver a "positive statement" when he speaks
to the United Nations Wednesday. In the aftermath of nuclear tests
last spring, the White House has warned that Clinton will cancel
his planned November trip to India and Pakistan unless significant
progress is made on proliferation issues.

If foreign policy problems provided a sort of refuge for Clinton
Monday, there is more ahead today: He'll meet for the first time
with new Japanese Prime Minister Keizo Obuchi to discuss the Asian
economic crisis. Washington is frustrated and Tokyo is resentful
about U.S. pressure on Japan to do more to stimulate its ailing
economy and rescue the recession-ridden region.

Clinton returns to Washington this afternoon.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Ray Stubblebine, Reuters; PHOTO, B/W, AFP

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              47 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    July 15, 1998, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Gore puts heat on Congress over global warming program

BYLINE: Traci Watson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 368 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Vice President Gore announced Tuesday that last
month was the warmest June ever and then used that information
as a hammer on a Congress he said had blocked White House efforts
to slow global warming.

On a day when much of the nation sweated through temperatures
in the 90s and 100s, Gore presented data showing that the average
global temperature last month was 61.2 degrees. That's 0.4 degrees
warmer than the record set in June 1997.


And June wasn't and isn't likely to be the only record of the
year, said Tom Karl, director of the National Climatic Data Center.
He noted that each of the first six months of 1998 has eradicated
the record for that month. July is shaping up to do that also.

The odds of that, Karl said, are extremely low in an unchanging
climate. What it means is that the Earth is warming, he said.

Gore asked, "How long is it going to take before Congress gets
the message" that there's global warming?

Most scientists think the subtle rise in the planet's temperature
over the last century is caused in large part by so-called greenhouse
gases. These gases -- emitted by cars, factories and power plants
-- rise into the atmosphere and trap heat, preventing it from
dissipating into space.

If the planet's temperature continues to rise, scientists predict
more floods, droughts and other natural disasters.

Led by Gore, the Clinton administration has pushed a program that
it says would slow global warming. The administration also has
agreed to a treaty, known as the Kyoto Protocol, that requires
the richest nations to cut back their emissions of greenhouse
gases.

But many members of Congress are not going along with the White
House. An appropriations bill going to the House floor for a vote
today would forbid the administration to take any actions required
under the Kyoto agreement.

The bill also would prohibit the administration from holding any
"educational outreach or informational seminars" on the Kyoto
Protocol. And both the House of Representatives and the Senate
have passed spending bills that deny the budget increases the
White House wanted to implement its global warming program.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              50 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    August 5, 1998, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Showing crossover ability Ex-sports guy brings view to news

BYLINE: Michael Hiestand

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 1000 words


Keith Olbermann says that "for the longest time, I'd map my career
down to the hour."

So much for timetables. Having traded in a top ESPN SportsCenter
job a year ago for TV news work, Olbermann hosts an MSNBC cable
TV show keying relentlessly on probes of the Clinton presidency.

"If you'd told me in December we'd still be doing this,
I'd have never believed it," he says. "Years from now I may
still be following Monica Lewinsky as she takes her grandchildren
to court. I now reserve my right not to make any wildly inaccurate
guesses about my future."


Olbermann's story might be more than a cautionary tale about being
careful what you wish for. He could be an outrider in an emerging
migration of on-air types using TV sports as a springboard to
work beyond fun and games.

ABC's Jim McKay doesn't recall many sportscasters making such
a switch during his 50-year TV career. But having begun his career
as a newspaper reporter, his ambition "was always to become a
network news anchor." Until one night in the late 1950s when
his wife, Margaret, told him, "You do sports with some reportorial
dignity. There's nothing wrong with that."

But today's TV types are more restless. ESPN's Dan Patrick, Olbermann's
former TV partner, and CBS' Jim Nantz showed interest in joining
ABC's Good Morning America. Craig Kilborn left ESPN for
Comedy Central and will move on to CBS' Late Late Show.
Pat O'Brien exited CBS Sports for the syndicated Access Hollywood.
Fox's Terry Bradshaw had a recent short-lived daytime talk
show. And while NBC's Bob Costas gave up his Later talk
show, citing time constraints, he hasn't ruled out rollouts beyond
sports.

In suggesting she might someday leave sports, ESPN's Robin Roberts
predictably cites the seminal crossover: "I'd like to make the
transition like Bryant Gumbel."

But Gumbel recalls he "was probably the last one (at NBC) to
come around to the idea" that he should leave sports, where he
could have stayed "in perpetuity with relative ease." He says
that as he began his 15-year run hosting NBC's Today in
1982, not everybody saw the logic: "A lot of the newsies were
offended. The sports guys thought I was nuts."

But Gumbel, who now hosts CBS' Public Eye news show as
well as HBO's Real Sports, suggests today's climate is
more forgiving. "The lines have been blurred between sports and
news and information," he says. "The distinctions, if not lost,
are certainly not of great concern to many viewers."

But there's no mistaking the distinctions for Olbermann have changed
dramatically since he left ESPN, in rustic Bristol, Conn., for
a west-side Manhattan building that also houses actress Goldie
Hawn. Now he revels in "having a choice of dry cleaners just
on my block." He has made cameo appearances on NBC Sports and
twice anchored the network's weekend news -- "very, very cool."

But then there's his main gig on the 2-year-old NBC cable TV news
spinoff reaching about 41 million households. In attracting about
130,000 households nightly, about one-seventh his ESPN audience,
his Big Show is small -- its late-night replay is even
relabeled simply as White House in Crisis. "We like to
boast," he says, "that 15% of our audience has already been
subpoenaed."

Once noted for sports catch phrases such as "premature jocularity,"
he now attracts attention such as in an article entitled "The
Agony of Keith Olbermann" in the very-inside-the-Beltway National
Journal. It focused on Olbermann's May commencement speech
at his alma mater, Cornell. In it, he announced that his show's
incessant focus on Lewinsky, and related matters, give him "dry
heaves" and "make me ashamed, make me depressed, make me cry."

Olbermann on that candor: "Critical analysis begins at home.
If you can't be honest about your own work, you can't be about
honest about anybody else's. The whole point was that if you've
got complaints, first look at your own work."

Or, maybe, one could look around for other work. He has begun
writing on baseball for Sports Illustrated and does syndicated
radio reports.

But Olbermann calls his MSNBC job his most "challenging ever,"
considerable praise since he began his stint as the first anchor
of the ESPN2 spinoff channel by welcoming viewers to "the end
of my career." And, he says nobody should get the wrong idea
because he recently visited Fox Sports News in Los Angeles --
he was just on vacation and dropped in on Fox friends. He's careful
to avoid prompting speculation: "I have friends at ESPN. But
if I went through Bristol, I'd go at 7 a.m. to avoid the wrong
impression."

Gumbel suggests the heavy use of catch phrases on ESPN's SportsCenter
just might hinder the chances of ESPN anchors who want to
follow Olbermann in crossing over. Not that Gumbel is suggesting
the show change: "People ask me if I watch Today and I
say, 'No chance, I'm watching SportsCenter reruns."

Jim Lampley, the TV sports veteran now at HBO Sports, suggests
TV news can be something less than intellectually engaging. He
says being a local TV news anchor in Los Angeles, from 1988 to
1992, "was such a perverse job. I'd idly wish for an earthquake
or plane crash, waiting for something to do -- truly mind-numbing."
Such sentiments got Lampley into trouble then with his co-anchor
(now wife) Bree Walker as the pair waited in a store checkout
line and someone asked him whether he preferred TV sports or news:
"I said sports, because there I get to use my brain."

But Olbermann suggests TV news itself can change, even when it's
hip-deep in speculation about grand jury testimony. "This is
like SportsCenter before humor became a staple, and people
said you couldn't make fun of sports," he says. "I'm serious
and give information. But I also offer humor every night to remind
people that it's not as if a nuclear bomb has gone off."

LOAD-DATE: August 05, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W; PHOTO, B/W, Steve Miller, AP

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              54 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 31, 1998, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Birth of a new order Year blurs world's lines of time, distance Economy embraces
truly global workplace

BYLINE: Kevin Maney

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 2349 words


Two score years from now, the children of today's preschoolers
might be asked by their college professors to pinpoint the moment
in history when time and distance collapsed. And they might point
to 1998.

Time and distance have been under assault for 150 years, as historian
Stephen Ambrose says. Since the railroad and telegraph first broke
humans free of the top speed of a horse, the world has been getting
ever faster and smaller. If you look at the business and economic
events of 1998, you can see the last barriers crumbling.


"The economic world was more radically redrawn this year than
it had been in many years or even decades," says Ron Chernow,
author of Titan: The Life of John D. Rockefeller Sr. There
were economic crises that whipped around the world faster than
any time in history. There were mergers of sizes that would have
been absurd a couple of years ago. There was an explosion of electronic
commerce on the Internet, led by a little company -- Amazon.com
-- which saw its stock increase tenfold in 12 months. As all that
and more happened, the U.S. government was snarled and incapacitated
by scandal, seeming to prove its own growing irrelevance.

The events were very different, yet they are tied together by
the collapse of time and distance.


Why in 1998? One major reason was the Internet. It came into its
own this year, big-time. On the high end, it finally became an
essential part of every corporation's business. Intel started
selling its computer chips over the Net in 1998 and quickly was
doing $ 1 billion a month. Toys R Us found it had to open an Internet
store to keep up with the likes of eToys. On the small end, under-$ 1,000
PCs for the first time dangled the Internet within reach of every
middle-class home.

Other reasons center on harvesting what was planted years ago.
"We are seeing the results of things started in 1988 and 1989,"
says Rosabeth Moss Kantor of the Harvard Business School. Around
then, she says, the Berlin Wall fell, many Asian economies opened
to foreign investors, and deregulation began sweeping the globe.
All those events helped goods, people and money move more freely
and set the table for the Internet.

To see the results, look first at globalization -- the increasing
tendency of the world to act as one market instead of a series
of national ones. The trend has been part of business for decades.
But this year, it hit hard, and it hit Main Street. Southeast
Asia crashed into every American back yard. A fistful of Asian
nations mismanaged their explosive growth, which led over the
past year to a series of economic catastrophes. The trouble spread
to one continent after another like a virus. U.S. markets reacted
instantaneously and, in a flash, millions of 401(k)s were worth
one-fifth less, interest rates were dropping, and Boeing was saying
it would cut 48,000 jobs. People in barbershops actually talked
about the Thai baht. Many Americans who spent the 1980s rooting
against the Japanese are now praying our old rival will get its
economy moving so it doesn't stink up our personal stock portfolios.

The best example of how distance has disappeared might be Russia.
For an entire Cold War, the only way far-off Russians -- then
the Soviets -- could have inflicted damage on U.S. property was
by launching ballistic missiles. On Aug. 27, 1998, Russia's Central
Bank defaulted on its debt, and U.S. markets reacted immediately.
The Dow Jones industrial average lost 4.2% that day, wiping out
billions of dollars in value.

The lesson is that economies of the world never have been more
entangled. They're tied together by instantaneous information
arriving via everything from currency trading databases to Web
sites to CNN broadcasts. Capital -- the money used to build businesses
-- moves globally and moves in a matter of keystrokes. This year,
it fled entire nations, such as South Korea, overnight. Capital
no longer cares about distance, and it sloughs off time by reacting
in a blink.

The year's gigantic mergers were another result of the collapse
of time and distance. Most awesome of all, Exxon and Mobil agreed
Dec. 1 to merge in a $ 74 billion deal. In April, Travelers Group
and Citicorp announced they'd merge in a $ 83 billion deal. A few
years ago, mergers of half that size were nearly unthinkable if
not undoable.

Shocking, too, were the monster mergers that crossed borders.
In August, British Petroleum agreed to buy Amoco for $ 48 billion.
In May, German carmaker Daimler-Benz said it would buy Chrysler
for $ 42 billion.

"International competition is already fierce," said BP Chief
Executive Sir John Browne, explaining the rationale for his merger.
"In such a climate, the best investment opportunities will go
increasingly to companies that have the size and financial strength."
The other merging CEOs have said pretty much the same thing.

Why do they feel that way? The global, time-crunched market driven
by electronic information "forces things to get bigger and smaller
at the same time," says Nicholas Negroponte, author and technologist
at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. "And that's so
ironic, when things want to do both but not stay in the middle.
There will be an increasing absence of things that aren't either
very local or very global."

Oil and cars aren't much suited to being small and local. So they're
moving to become gigantic and cross-border. Chrysler, big as it
is, sells cars almost exclusively in the U.S. market, making it
too midsize to survive. The cross-border merger with Daimler creates
the kind of global, multifaceted, multicultural company that will
be the signature of the next age. If Negroponte is right, one
certainty is that Exxon-Mobil won't reign as king of mergers for
long, and thunderous cross-border mergers will become more the
norm than the exception.

As for being small and local, that's where the Internet, or World
Wide Web, comes in -- and it works in two ways.

It lets little companies be global, so a start-up in a garage
can put its goods or services on a Web site and sell worldwide,
competing against midsize or big companies, wiping out disadvantages
(such as distribution and scope) that once had to do with distance.
And since little companies can change direction faster than bigger
ones, they have an advantage in time. Big companies used to have
time and distance on their side. Increasingly, little ones do.

And so in 1998, we had the phenomenon of Amazon.com, which has
become such a symbol of small beating big that business people
have turned it into a verb: to be "amazoned." The Seattle-based
company sells books, music and videotapes over the Internet. It
adds features, innovations and products faster than a physical
bookstore can change a display case. It's a wisp of an operation
-- about 1,600 employees. But it has scared major retail store
chains and won the hearts of investors, who are betting Amazon.com
founder Jeff Bezos is no less than the Internet's Sam Walton.
Amazon.com's market value has zoomed to more than $ 15 billion,
seven times that of the nation's leading bookstore company, Barnes
& Noble.

Many more industries are going to get amazoned. A lot more companies
are going to rise from nowhere, use the Internet to take advantage
of the collapse of time and distance, and smack the incumbents
in the face. Along the way, high-strung Silicon Valley will squeeze
time even further.

Already, start-up companies almost have to be instant successes.
"A company has to reach escape velocity in six to 12 months,"
says Jim Breyer, head of Accel Partners, which funds Net start-ups.
"It's a pace unlike anybody has seen in the Valley."

If that's discomforting, even more so is what 1998 seemed to say
about national governments. In Asia, national governments were
powerless to stop the fall of their currencies and the flight
of capital. The network had more power than armies or borders.
In the USA, the government spent the last half of the year focusing
on impeachment, and it barely seemed to matter.

Those points might be a hint of trouble to come: In a world where
entities have to be either global or local, as Negroponte says,
"things like the nation-state are basically the wrong size."
How do we fix that?

The coming year promises more fallout from the collapse of time
and distance: bigger mergers, more fluidity of capital, tighter
ties around the globe, more amazoning. It might be slowed here
and there by blips, such as economic downturns or wars. But this
moment that's been in development for 150 years is irreversible.
It will be a transformation, and not always a pleasant one. Jobs,
companies and possibly nations will be created and destroyed.
"It's the death of an old order," says author Chernow, "as
well as the birth of a new one."

TEXT OF 1998 TIMELINE BEGINS HERE

JAN. 5: Riding a wave of nostalgia, Volkswagen rolls out
its long-awaited New Beetle. The automaker sells 2,365 cars in
March, when the bug is first made available, with a sticker price
of $ 17,000 for a fully equipped model. Jan. 26: Compaq Computer,
the world's largest PC maker, barrels into the lucrative arena
of big corporate machines, announcing the $ 9.6 billion purchase
of Digital Equipment and creating a computer superpower.

FEB. 11: Computer Associates makes a $ 9 billion takeover
offer for Computer Sciences in a bid to create a powerhouse that
would provide software and services to help companies manage computer
networks. But Computer Associates backs off three weeks later
after Computer Sciences rebuffs the hostile takeover attempt.

MARCH 6: The International Monetary Fund suspends loans
to crisis-torn Indonesia after President Suharto, who later resigns,
threatens to peg the country's currency to the dollar. Suharto
backs off the plan, but the IMF does not resume lending to the
world's fourth-most-populous country until July 15.

APRIL 6: Travelers Group and Citicorp announce they would
merge in a $ 83 billion deal to create a global company to offer
one-stop shopping for banking, investment and insurance. The combined
Citigroup plans to slash 10,400 jobs, or 6% of its global workforce...April
16: Cendant's stock drops 46% after it revealed "accounting
irregularities."

MAY 6: U.S. automaker Chrysler and Germany's Daimler-Benz
announce they will merge in a $ 42 billion deal. May 11:SBC Communications
announces plans to buy Ameritech for more than
$ 60 billion, creating a nationwide telephone powerhouse. May
14: The Justice Department and 20 states sue Microsoft in
a massive antitrust case. The lawsuit asks a federal court to
force Microsoft to unbundle its Internet browser from Windows
or include rival Netscape Communications' browser, and give PC
makers more freedom to promote software and Web sites other than
Microsoft's.

JUNE 5: About 3,400 workers at General Motors' Flint, Mich.,
metal center walk out. United Auto Workers accuses GM of "attempting
to radically downsize its American workforce" in favor of cheaper,
non-U.S. labor. On June 11, 5,800 workers at a Flint parts
plant join them. June 15: Sunbeam's directors oust "Chain saw"
Al Dunlap as CEO of the troubled appliance and camping products
maker. Investment bank Goldman Sachs says it plans to go public.
June 24: AT&T announces a $ 32 billion plan to buy cable
television giant Tele-Communications Inc.

JULY 17: Stocks surge as the Dow Jones industrial average
hits a record 9338 points. July 28: The strike that closed
as many as 26 of GM's 29 North American car and truck assembly
plants ends after 54 days. Bell Atlantic agrees to acquire GTE
in a deal valued at $ 56 billion, creating a U.S. telecommunications
giant.

AUG. 11: Oil giant British Petroleum says it plans to buy
rival Amoco for $ 48 billion in stock. Aug. 13: Apple Computer's
iMac hits stores. The $ 1,299 all-in-one computer in a translucent
case helps pull Apple out of a death spiral. Aug. 17: Russia devalues
its currency 34%, announcing that the ruble could drop from about
6 to the dollar to as low as 9 1/2 in an attempt to avert an economic
meltdown. Aug. 29: Northwest Airlines pilots begin a strike
that lasts 15 days. Aug. 31: The Dow Jones industrial average
drops 513 points, to close 19% below its July 17 high.

SEPT. 23: A group of financial companies -- coordinated
by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York -- provides $ 3.5 billion
to bail out Long-Term Capital Management. The hedge fund had borrowed
and invested up to $ 25 for every dollar of its own money, but
those investments went sour amid a crisis in emerging markets.
Sept. 28: The global financial turmoil causes Goldman Sachs
to call off its IPO plans.

OCT. 9: Japan's stock market hits a 13-year low on concerns
about a plan to fix the country's debt-ridden banks. Oct. 15:For the first time
in four years, Federal Reserve Chairman Alan
Greenspan cuts interest rates between the Fed's scheduled policy-setting
meetings. The central bank seeks to forestall deterioration in
investor and lender confidence before it seriously hurts the U.S.
economy.

NOV. 13: The International Monetary Fund unveils a $ 41.5
billion rescue fund for Brazil to prevent financial turmoil there
from threatening the world economy. Nov. 24: America Online
announces plans to buy Netscape Communications for $ 4.2 billion.
The purchase leads South Carolina to withdraw from the antitrust
lawsuit against Microsoft, saying the deal "proves that the forces
of competition are working."

DEC. 1: Exxon and Mobil, the nation's No. 1 and No. 2 oil
giants, agree to the biggest merger in history as oil prices hover
near a 12-year low. The $ 73.7 billion marriage creates the world's
largest oil company and the largest publicly traded company, which
will control about 14% of the USA's retail gas pumps.

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Photo illustration by Grant Jerding, USA TODAY; Photos
by Photodisc

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              56 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     May 21, 1998, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Africa's vision: Keep its top players home

BYLINE: Marco R. della Cava

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 14C

LENGTH: 814 words

DATELINE: RABAT, Morocco


RABAT, Morocco -- At every turn, a soccer ball flies through the
warm north African air.

On the beach, where dozens of games rage on fields outlined in
the sand. In the hills, where children use the coffee-colored
walls of the 12th century village of Oudayas as a backboard. And
mostly on the streets of this capital city, where vendors, policemen
and schoolchildren alike brave the blazing sun to boot around
balled-up newspapers.


"We are obsessed by football," says Oussama Ben Amara, 22. "I
learned to love it from my father, and I will teach my sons one
day."

With an entire nation that considers itself a farm team, it is
not surprising that Morocco has won soccer glory that ranges from
the African Unity Cup to being the first African team to make
the World Cup finals in 1970.

This year, Morocco again joins the sport's elite at the World
Cup in France, along with a record four other African teams: Nigeria,
South Africa, Tunisia and Cameroon.

But a funny thing happened on the way to the finals.

The level of soccer has risen so much on the African continent
that most national teams feature stars who play abroad. That,
in turn, is creating fractured national squads.

In some cases players don't speak the national language. In the
case of Nigeria, not one player lives or plays in-country. Teammates
know each other not from league contests but from newspaper headlines.

And when coaches also are imports -- such as former U.S. coach
Bora Milutinovic coaching Nigeria and France's Henri Michel guiding
Morocco -- further rifts surface in what are supposed to be showcases
of national unity.

But in Africa, soccer increasingly is a game of economics. With
cash-rich European squads paying princely sums for stars, African
nations struggle to sustain modest domestic leagues that can't
hope to woo players being offered salaries that, in the Third
World, can equal city budgets.

"In Africa, there are no jobs and people are struggling. So to
have a player in a family who can send back $ 200 a month is a
big help," says Emmanuel Maradas, editor of London-based African
Soccer magazine. "Sometimes, soccer is part of the battle
for survival."

Morocco is no exception. A poor, mostly rural country, it leaks
soccer talent like a wicker sieve. Standout Mustapha Hadji plays
his club ball for Sporting in Portugal, and Nourredine Naybet
is with Spain's Deportivo La Coruna.

With 16 teams in Morocco's First Division and a few dozen more
at a lower level, players on average receive $ 500 a week if the
team wins, less if they lose. Compare that with salaries in England's
Premier League, where some make $ 40,000 a week even if they ride
the bench.

An avowed soccer fan, Morocco's King Hassan II has put a spotlight
on the sport over the past few decades. His crowning achievement
has been the success of the 1986 squad, which took home the African
Nations' Cup and progressed to the quarterfinals of the World
Cup. While this year's squad has impressed soccer pundits, there
are signs of problems.

First, Morocco didn't even make it to the semifinals of this year's
African Cup, a tourney many expected it to win; Egypt took the
honors.

Then came news that coach Michel was to be assisted by Moroccan
soccer legend Driss Bamouss, a move many interpreted as the national
soccer federation's attempt to reclaim the team from a capable
but foreign influence.

"Foreign coaches don't have a relationship with the team," says
Salmi Najib, veteran sports editor of Rabat's daily, L'Opinion.
"Our team suffers from a general absence of direction. We have
11 good players who don't play together."

However, Keith Cooper of FIFA, soccer's world governing body,
applauds the progress made by African teams. He cites the recent
victories of Ghana and Nigeria in Under-17 tournaments, and Nigeria's
gold medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta.

"In 1974's World Cup, Zaire lost one of its games 9-0," he says.
"(FIFA) promised to help close that gap and we have."

Just ask Anouar El Khalifi, 23, a vendor in Rabat's main bazaar
in the Medina district.

"When the Lions of Atlas (Morocco's nickname) play, no one is
in the street," he says excitedly. "If we have to work, all
the merchants bring little TVs to watch the game."

And in a nation where one in five of his 30 million countrymen
are unemployed, El Khalifi offers another thought.

"When Morocco's national soccer team wins, we forget all of our
problems," he says. "We go out into the street with flags and
then we talk of only soccer for two or three days."

The Great Escape. More than any other description, this comes
closest to explaining soccer's global popularity. With its civil
wars, famines and general poverty, few continents can use the
diversion more than Africa.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Michael Steele, Empics Sports Photo Agency ; PHOTO, B/W,
Abdeljalil Bounhar, USA TODAY

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              57 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     June 16, 1998, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Researching frosty part of the food chain

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 300 words


The ice is an important part of the Antarctic's food chain, and
biologists are aboard the Nathaniel B. Palmer studying it.

Their main interest: how the sea ice ecosystem functions in early
to midwinter.

Until the German research vessel Polarstern made its 1986 cruise
through the Antarctic ice during the winter, scientists had assumed
that krill, the small shrimplike creatures that penguins, seals,
sea birds and whales eat, hibernated on the ocean floor during
the winter.

That's not the case.

"The algae in sea ice can be abundant and diverse, and there
are abundant and diverse assemblages of micro zooplankton that
feed on the algae," says Marcia M. Gowing of the University of
California at Santa Cruz.

These in turn feed the krill, which feed the animals at the top
of the short food chain -- seals and penguins and whales.

Gowing's group is collecting ice cores, brine, water and plankton
samples to study upon their return to Santa Cruz. She and others
will use electron microscopes to study viruses in organisms in
recently formed ice and in organisms that may have bloomed in
the autumn.

"Recently there has been a focus on determining where viruses
fit into the carbon cycle of the oceans and if viruses are important
in terminating blooms of algae," Gowing says.

Algae that grows on Antarctic ice, and the viruses that infect
the algae, are part of the big picture of carbon's cycle through
the air, the oceans and living creatures.

Carbon that human activities are adding to the air is suspected
of causing the Earth's climate to warm. Algae take up carbon from
the ocean, and probably the air, as they grow.

If fewer algae bloom, less carbon would be taken from the sea
and the air, leaving more to affect global climate.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: SCIENCE

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              65 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    September 4, 1998, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Out of the darkness, sounds of disaster Workers scour bay for victims

BYLINE: Rick Hampson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 2353 words

DATELINE: PEGGY'S COVE, Nova Scotia


PEGGY'S COVE, Nova Scotia -- The noise overhead drowned out even
the clangorous coast of Nova Scotia. Windows shook. Dishes rattled.
Dogs barked.

Les Silver felt the boards of his 100-year-old house shake under
his feet. Linda Farmer thought it seemed "like a big hand was
banging on the roof." Wilfred Morash heard a thunderclap but
saw no flash.

Finally, they realized the noise they'd heard was the sound of
disaster.


No one knows why Swissair Flight 111 crashed into the waters of
the Atlantic Wednesday night, almost certainly killing all 229
people aboard, including 137 with American passports.

Thursday, the terrible noise was replaced by the grim, steady
hum of search and recovery. Ships and aircraft scoured a crash
area six miles offshore for victims. Subordinated for the moment,
officials said, was the attempt to determine a cause.

Although dozens of bodies were recovered, officials declined to
say exactly how many. A clue as to why came from the makeshift
morgue, where some of the 56 body bags merely contained body parts.

This much was clear: The MD-11 jumbo jet crashed about 90 minutes
after leaving Kennedy Airport in New York en route to Geneva,
Switzerland. At 33,000 feet the pilot reported smoke in the cockpit;
16 minutes later the craft disappeared from radar at about 8,000
feet.

Struggling in vain

The pilot, Urs Zimmermann, 50, struggled in vain to reach Halifax
airport, only 35 miles away.

Victims ranged from Jonathan Mann, a physician and founder of
the global fight against AIDS, to two babies.

Canadian officials led the investigation, and the U.S. National
Transportation Safety Board sent 10 experts to the scene. The
Canadians and the White House said there was no indication the
crash resulted from terrorism.

To some, the sound of Flight 111 going down was an echo from another
warm summer night two years earlier, when another jumbo jet leaving
the same airport heading for the same continent with almost exactly
the same number of people met the same end in the same dark, cold
ocean.

TWA Flight 800 crashed on the way from Kennedy to Paris July 17,
1996, killing all 230 aboard.

Both crashes occurred offshore from scenic coastal towns, and
both produced ghastly images of oil-slicked water with pockets
of flame and smoke, floating bodies and wreckage and empty life
preservers. Each time local fishermen searched desperately for
signs of life, while dozens of ambulances lined up on land, waiting
for survivors who never came.

But for all the similarities, there were important differences:

-- Flight 800 exploded suddenly in midair, almost certainly killing
its people instantly. Those aboard Flight 111 knew for 16 minutes
the jet was in trouble, and passengers even had time to put on
their life preservers.

Airline officials reported that the pilots issued the distress
call, "Pan, pan, pan!" -- short for the French "panne," or
"breakdown" -- as they fought to keep the crippled jet in the
air.

-- Flight 800 was treated from the start as a possible bombing,
and its investigation was controlled by U.S. officials, led for
much of the time by FBI men who strongly suspected terrorism.
Flight 111 is mostly a Canadian affair, and officials say they
see no indication of foul play.

Under international law, the crash investigation will be conducted
by the Canadian Transportation Safety Board, an agency styled
after the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board, with help
from NTSB investigators from Washington.

While the U.S. agency reaches its conclusions by drawing on the
sometimes conflicting opinions of aircraft manufacturers, airlines
and union representatives, the Canadian board relies more on its
own staff.

The Canadians probably will rely on U.S. expertise to recover
wreckage from deep water, said Stuart Matthews, president of Flight
Safety Foundation, an American air safety organization. U.S. Navy
salvage operations recovered more than 90% of TWA 800.

-- Two years later, there still has not been a definite cause
of the crash of Flight 800. Flight 111 may see a speedier resolution,
because criminal evidence rules won't determine how the wreckage
is retrieved and processed.

-- The flight recorders gave little help to Flight 800 investigators,
who continue to pursue a theory that an electrical short and other
factors combined to destroy the jet in midair. Given the relatively
prolonged crisis of Flight 111, the recorders should contain vital
clues.

-- TWA was criticized by New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani and victims'
families for failure to quickly disclose victims' names and other
information. Thursday, Royal Canadian Mounted Police Sgt. Wayne
Noonan said, "We've had terrific cooperation from the airlines,
who believe as we do that this information is important, should
be gotten out and . . . that people have a right to it as quickly
as we can get it to them."

Swissair and Delta Air Lines, its American partner, arranged to
fly hundreds of victims' relatives to Halifax from Switzerland
and New York.

-- Flight 800 was an American jet leaving an American airport
with an overwhelmingly American crew and passenger roster. Flight
111 was a more cosmopolitan tragedy. Its passengers and crew held
passports from 14 nations, including France (30) and Switzerland
(41).

The international dimension was underscored by the presence of
seven United Nations employees on the flight. U.N. spokesman Fred
Eckhard said that when staffers of the world organization first
heard of the crash, they knew victims would include their colleagues.
Given the connection between U.N. operations in New York and Geneva,
he said, Flight 111 "was like a U.N. air bus."

Lowering the flags

All 229 died aboard one of the world's safest airlines. And they
perished near one of the more pleasant spots on the Atlantic Seaboard.

Peggy's Cove, population 60, is a picturesque fishing village
popular with tourists. It's really nothing more than a cluster
of houses and small shops around the water. A graceful white lighthouse
contains a summer post office.

Thursday, a house at the water's edge flew the Canadian and U.S.
flags at half staff.

Police wearing gloves met boats from the crash site, removing
shoes, aircraft parts, papers, a purse. Some carried black plastic
garbage bags to a U-Haul truck bearing the slogan, "No. 1 Family
Mover."

To local resident Lynn Natte, the rescue scene at the water's
edge "looked like a little city out there, like something out
of a science fiction novel." With all the ambulances and search
and rescue vehicles, "it was unearthly," she said, "like a
city coming out of the ocean."

Now, she said, "I don't care about the black box. I just hope
they find everybody, that's the only thing that matters."

The red-shingled Driftwood Souvenir and Gift Shop ("Butterflies
Our Specialty") was closed, owner Sylvia Dunlop said, "out of
respect."

Back where it all started, at Kennedy, the Ramada Hotel again
played host to tragedy.

This was where the relatives of Flight 800's victims gathered
in 1996, and where their successors in sadness came Thursday for
information and support.

Edward Glassman, 48, of Long Island, who lost a nephew on TWA
800, was among those who came to help.

"When I saw what happened on the TV, I knew I had to come here,"
he said. "When we were looking for answers two years ago, we
couldn't find any. I know how important it is to have a shoulder
to cry on or to have someone who at least says they understand."


CRASH VICTIMS

Airline officials released names of most of the passengers and
crew.

Ingrid Acevedo, 32, U.S. Committee for UNICEF public relations.

Ludwig Beaumler and Joachim Bilger, German senior
officials of the World Intellectual Property Organization.

Suzanne Bittenbinder, 33, United Airlines flight attendant,
West Palm Beach, Fla.

Catherine Calvert-Mazy, 37, a French national and staff
counselor at a refugees agency.

Yves de Roussan, 41, a French-Canadian and an adviser for
the U.N. Children's Fund.

Pierce Joseph Gerety Jr., 57, of Geneva, headed operations
of the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees in the Great
Lakes region, East Africa.

Paul and Joan Hammond. She was chief deputy auditor for
Snohomish County in Washington.

Cherie Hastie, 59, of Marietta. She was going to visit
her daughter, Elizabeth.

Tom Hausman, 33, an executive at Continental Grain Co.

Jay Jasan, 40, Basking Ridge, N.J., veterinarian.

James T. Kassel Jr., 34, Medford Lakes, N.J., pharmaceutical
company executive.

Kevin Kief, Continental Grain Co. executive.

Klaus Kinder-Geiger, 36, a native of Germany. Kinder-Geiger
worked at the Nuclear Theory Group at the Brookhaven National
Laboratory in Shoreham, N.Y.

Don Lattimer, Wall Street executive, and wife Nancy.NBC News reported they were
traveling to Italy for vacation.

Karen and Denis Maillet, of Baton Rouge, both 37 and engineers,
traveling with their son Robert, 1.

Jonathan Mann and Mary Lou Clements-Mann, both 51.
The couple were en route to a series of AIDS-related meetings.

Alma and Robert Milne, retired, Fairview Park, Ohio.

John Mortimer, 75, and wife Hilda, 69, of Stamford,
Conn. John Mortimer was a retired vice president of The New
York Times. They were heading for a European vacation despite
his fear of flying, his family said.

Tara Nelson, 35, a naturopathic physician in Mystic, Conn.
She was headed to Europe to help her sister have a baby.

Norman Scoular, chief operating officer of lighting systems
maker SLI Inc. of Canton, Mass.

Caroline Smith, Augusta, Ga., was going on vacation in
Europe.

Per Spanne, 53, Shoreham, N.Y., a Brookhaven National Laboratory
guest researcher and pioneer in diagnostic x-rays and related
fields.

H. Lloyd Springer and his wife Judith, real estate,
Boca Raton, Fla.

Roger Williams, 54, professor of internal medicine, University
of Utah. An expert in the field of cardiovascular genetics, Williams
was flying to Geneva to chair a meeting on one of his projects
at the World Health Organization.

Jonathan Wilson, 22, missionary, Brandon, Fla.

Also on board: Abady, George; Abery, Keith; Aboutaam, Sleiman;
Aboutaam, Suada; Aellen, Pierre-Andre; Albertsen, Else; Albertsen,
Torkild; Alleaume, Bruno; Alsaud, Bandar; Amposta, M.; Babolat,
Pierre; Baconnier, Pascal; Ball, Eudyce; Ball, Martin; Bell, Patrick
W.; Benjamin, Jesse James; Benjamin, Stacey; Benjamin, Wahkyn;
Benjamin, Whitney Ginger; Bolsterli, Andrew; Bouchout, Geoffroy;
Boure, Faye; Boure, Rosline; Bove, Jane; Burckhard, Erich; Burghardt,
Susan; Burrus, Dominique; Burrus, Thierry; Cappola, Maxine.

Caripides, Gabriela; Caripides, Peter; Caripides, William; Cegar,
Natasa; Chapman, Cauley; Chapman, Mark; Chatelain, Odette; Chatelain,
Raoul; Chevey, Nathalie; Chevey, Nicolas; Clementmann, MaryLou,
51; Coburn, Richard; Colinbarrand, Thierry; Colmery, Barry; Colmery,
Julie; Danon, Albert; Degraef, Maarten; Demeire, Jana; Depledge,
Caroline; Depledge, Jane; Depledge, Michael; Depledge, Norman;
Diba, Mahmood; Ditchkus, L.; Ditchkus, M.; Dominguie, Karen; Donaldson,
Rhonda; Dumitru, C.

Ezell, Patricia; Fetherolf, Tara; Fine, Douglas; Frevier, Maryvonne;
Froghi (No first name); Fuhrmann, William; Gambone, Deborah; Gambone,
Michael; Garboudes, Amanda; Garboudes, Christine; Garboudes, Herve;
Garboudes, Triastan; Hewsom, Roberte; Hoche, Gabriel; Hootsev,
Andrew; Hoel, Anne Sophie; Hoel, Francois; Hoel, Marie-Francoise;
Hoel, Olivia; Hoel, Paul Edouard; Hopcraft, Pauline; Hopcraft,
Lawrence; Iconomopoulou, C.H.; Jackman, Olivier.

Jegge, Evelyn; Jegge, Isabelle; Jhurani, Somesh; Junod, Maryline;
Kaiser, Marine; Karamanoukian, Serge; Kefalidis, N.; Kitsinger,
Eric; Klein, Stanley; Kleinman, Karen; Kleinman, Leonard; Kohler,
Stephanie; Kokoruda, Jean; Kokoruda, Robert ; Kreis, Thomas; Kretschmer,
Heidi; Lamotta, Joseph; Lampietti, Dario; Lemaitre, Anne-Laure;
Lesaichot, Jean-Luc; Levy, Ronny M.; Librett, Jeffrey M.; Lucas,
Anna B., Henderson, Nev.; Lucas, James N., Henderson, Nev.; Makarevitch,
Manuel; Mallin, Gilda; Mallin, Ralph; Martin, Joseph; Mehrarabansamit,
Elahah; Mendo, C.; Miralai, Astrid; Miralai, Chantal; Miralai,
Houchang; Molinier, Francoise; Molinier, Jean-Philippe; Monay,
N.; Morero, J.P.; Morero, M.; Moser, Julie; Mozes, Jean-Max; Munari,
Jaques; Napoli, Phyllis; Navarro, Yolanda; Neuweiler, Adrienne;
Neuweiler, John.

Noceto, Betty; Noceto, Claude; Ogara, William; Omran A.; Pereau,
Clelia; Pereau, Jean-Louis; Pereau, Joelle; Pereau, Sylvie; Pereau,
Yves; Perroud, C.; Pinoesch, Sker; Plumleigh, Charlotte; Plumleigh,
Glen; Rappaz, M. Cecile; Rappaz, Michel; Ratnavale, J.; Ratnavale,
V.; Richard, Karine; Rizza, A.; Rizza, Victor; Romano, Raymond;
Rossi, Maurizio; Salakhoutdinova, E.; Salama, Magda; Sanna, Nino;
Saugy, Crystel; Scarboro, A.; Scott, Matthew; Sequi, S.; Shaw,
Stephanie; Sheer, Diane; Sheer, Donald; Shuster, Shephanie; Spanopoulou,
Eugenia; Spanopoulou, Hodtsev Plato; Sperber, Julie; Sperber,
Thomas; Stauffer, Peter; Stauter, Robert; Tahmoush, Albert; Tahmoush,
Odette; Thioudellet, Alexandre; Thioudellet, Emmanuel; Thompson,
Ernest.

Thorens, Sebastien; Tomov, Nenad; Topfgibson, Nancy; Tsollis,
Christos; Tzamarioudaki, Maria; Villet, Vincent; White, Rowennallee;
Wilcox, Alex; Wilcox, Petra; Wilkins, Monte; Zenios, Marino.

Crew: Urs Zimmerman, pilot; Stephan Loew, co-pilot; Betrisey,
Irene; Birkle, Raphael; Castioni, Anne E.; Eberhart, Patricia;
Furter, Colette; Oberhansli, Rene; Pazeller, Seraina; Pompili,
Jeannine; Reutemann, Regula; Schwab, Peter; Wiprachtiger, Brigit;
Zuber, Florence.

CONTRIBUTING:  Story reported by Martha
T. Moore, Traci Watson and Richard Willing in Peggy's
Cove, Nova Scotia; Scott Bowles and Christine Sparta
in New York; Fred Bayles in Cape Cod; and
Gary Fields in Washington

LOAD-DATE: September 04, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Bob Laird and Dave Merrill, USA TODAY, Sources:Swissair,
McDonnellpDouglas, wire reports, USA TODAY research, reporting by Tammi
Wark(Map, diagram); PHOTO, Adam Nadel, AP; PHOTO, b/w, AFP; PHOTO, b/w,
Swissair; PHOTO, b/w, Newsday; PHOTO, b/w, Champaign News-Gazette; PHOTO, b/w,
AP

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              66 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     October 9, 1998, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Weather, global crises dampen upscale sales

BYLINE: Lorrie Grant

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 406 words


Upscale retailers posted weak revenue in September as unseasonably
warm weather hurt sales of fall clothing.

High-end department stores also were affected by a drop in foreign
tourists in major cities because of the financial crises in Asia
and elsewhere.

Sales at Neiman Marcus stores open at least a year, for example,
slumped 7.1% compared with a gain of 5.6% a year ago.


Saks Fifth Avenue's sales fell 1%, while those of Federated, operator
of Bloomingdale's and Macy's, eased 0.7%.

"Foreign tourism is down and that is a big factor," says Goldman
Sach's retail analyst Richard Baum. "We see the softness in some
of the flagship locations like New York, San Francisco and Los
Angeles."

Overall, department stores sales were down 1%, according to Goldman
Sach's retail composite index, a weighted average based on sales
of 60 retailers released Thursday.

But sales of hard goods, such as furniture and consumer electronics,
and value merchandise from discount chains rose last month. Each
sector jumped 8%, supported by home sales.

Discount chain Family Dollar's sales rocketed 12.3%, Dollar General's
were up 8%, and Dayton Hudson's Target rose 6.1%. Wholesale clubs
Costco and BJ's each had gains of 9%.

Analysts blamed the weak sales at conventional department stores
on summerlike conditions through most of September, which dampened
demand for fall goods.

Retailers got a reprieve in the final days of September, however,
as the weather turned cooler. Analysts say that bodes well for
October business.

"(It makes) for a strong start to (October) and suggests seasonal
programs will do better," says John Pitt of LJR Redbook.

Executives at J.C. Penney hope so. Sales there tumbled 6.6% on
top of declines the past three months. The executives told analysts
on a conference call Thursday that third-quarter results would
be at the low end of Wall Street's consensus earnings estimates
of 65 cents to 95 cents per diluted share. Penney's stock nudged
up 1/4 to $ 45 1/4.


Sales slip
Comparable sales
Dept. stores    Sept.
May Dept. Stores     4.3%
Dayton Hudson     2.8%
Federated    -0.7%
Saks    -1.0%
Sears    -1.7%
J.C. Penney   -6.6%
Neiman Marcus    -7.1%
Discount stores
Family Dollar    12.3%
Dollar General    8.0%
Target    6.1%

Source: Goldman Sachs

LOAD-DATE: October 09, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              67 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 12, 1998, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Nasser assembles management team at Ford

BYLINE: Micheline Maynard

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 299 words

DATELINE: DEARBORN, Mich.


Though he doesn't take charge until January, Ford Motor CEO-to-be
Jacques Nasser has picked out an executive team with street savvy
and global outlook.

Leading a pack of appointments Friday: Ford named longtime labor
chief Peter Pestillo as its No. 2 executive, behind Nasser.

Pestillo, 60, will become vice chairman and company chief of staff,
a new position and unique in the industry.

He is credited with helping craft Ford's warm relationship with
the United Auto Workers -- he counts UAW President Steve Yokich
as a close friend and golfing pal. Pestillo also has been a mentor
to new Ford Chairman William Clay Ford Jr.

The only other vice chairman is Wayne Booker, 64, who leaves as
head of Ford's Asia-Pacific region to guide the transition between
outgoing CEO Alex Trotman and Nasser.

Ford said 20 executives will retire, and it is cutting the number
of vice presidents by five, to 40.

Chief Financial Officer John Devine, 54, is gaining responsibility
for the Visteon parts group, plus Hertz and Ford Land, the company's
real estate arm. Craig Muhlhauser, 50, was named Visteon president.

The appointments also involve a series of international executives.
Among them:

-- Richard Parry-Jones, 47, product development chief, adds responsibility
for quality and becomes a group vice president.

-- Henry Wallace, 54, who led Ford's rescue team at Japanese
partner Mazda, replaces Booker in Asia.

-- James Padilla, 52, becomes manufacturing chief. He is credited
with overhauling Ford's sagging operations in Brazil and Argentina.

-- Ford Motor China chief Vaughn Koshkarian, 58, becomes vice
president for public affairs. He will be succeeded in China by
Mei Wei Cheng, 48, who joined Ford this year from General Electric.


LOAD-DATE: October 12, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              68 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 13, 1998, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Dying for a happy ending Hollywood has discovered that audiences enjoy riding
off into the afterlife

BYLINE: Elizabeth Snead

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 1952 words


In the entertainment world, death is no longer a downer.

In films and books, on TV and on stage, death is increasingly
depicted not as the sorrowful end but as a happy beginning.

Death's former finality has been upstaged by a new vision of the
afterlife in which the dearly departed can communicate with their
loved ones, influence events, even come back to the mortal world
for another go-round.

"Hollywood has always liked movies where the characters live
happily ever after," says Martin Grove, CNN's film analyst. "Now
the term 'ever after' is taking on whole new dimensions."


Perhaps that's why one of the most popular romances on TV now
is Buffy the Vampire Slayer's provocative relationship
between Buffy and her undead boyfriend, Angel. And why the hit
Los Angeles play Thorn & Bloom features spirits being
coached on approaching reincarnation. Or why hot book titles include
the new The Grace in Dying: How We Are Transformed Spiritually
as We Die by Kathleen Dowling Singh.

In Universal's Meet Joe Black (opening today), a remake
of the classic 1934 film Death Takes a Holiday, the Angel
of Death (Brad Pitt) inhabits a freshly dead but still sexy bod
and hangs out with tycoon William Parrish (Anthony Hopkins) to
see what's so great about being alive. Parrish's daughter, Susan
(Claire Forlani), falls for the mystery man with heavenly highlights.
But unlike the original film, in which Death heads for heaven
with her in his arms, there's a twist on reincarnation.

The recent What Dreams May Come, which has grossed more
than $ 70 million, takes place almost entirely in heaven and hell.
A car crash kills Robin Williams, but he's reunited in breathtakingly
colorful heaven (a German Romantic artistic vision) with his wife,
kids and the family dog.

"The message is that love can survive death, that our mortality
doesn't doom us," says Dreams scriptwriter Ron Bass.

There have been warm-ups for this "Let's Get Metaphysical"
entertainment. Box office successes Ghost, City of Angels
and Michael all dealt successfully with the afterlife,
spirits and heaven. Even the blockbuster Titanic
had a happy afterlife twist at the end when the young lovers,
Jack and Rose, reunite on the grand staircase, as if the ocean
liner had never hit that annoying iceberg.

"There has been tremendous success with themes of death, rebirth
and resurgence," says David Davis, entertainment analyst for
Houlihan, Lokey, Howard and Zukin in Los Angeles. "There will
definitely be more movies about mortality, death and dying because
the graying of America is having a huge impact on the content
of films."

Forget angels. "That turned out to be just a fad," says Lynn
Garrett, religion editor of Publishers Weekly. "But there
has been a steady increase in the category of death, dying and
grief, and I think it will continue as the population ages."

Gerald Celente, author of Trends 2000, calls it previewing.
"Boomers are previewing their mortality in the aging, illness
and death of their parents. They're saying to themselves, even
subconsciously, 'Am I prepared? What will happen to me?' "

Which explains why books, films, TV shows and plays that imply
death may not be the living end are so well-received.

"In the most successful movies, death signifies rebirth, renewal
and usually affects a radical and fulfilling change in the lives
of those close to the deceased," Davis says.

Wanted: Happy endings

Curiously, the fall release One True Thing, with
Meryl Streep dying of cancer, did offer fulfilling change in the
life of the daughter (Renee Zellweger) left behind, but it did
not do well at the box office. Which doesn't bode well for Stepmom
(opening Dec. 25), in which Susan Sarandon is a divorcee dying
of cancer.

Maybe grave endings just aren't appealing.

"I have a theory that boomers think they're the generation for
whom death will not be final," says Nora Rawlinson, editor in
chief of Publishers Weekly. "That, although they have
to deal with dying, death is not the end for them."

She points to the latest surge of the upbeat "near-death genre,"
spiritually themed books on reincarnation and the afterlife with
titles such as Embracing Death, Embraced by the Light, The
Other Side of Death, Heaven Can't Wait, At the Threshold and
The Grace in Dying.

James Swanson, contributor to the Chicago Tribune's books
section, also notes the trend and adds, "The grandiose narcissism
and impertinence of boomers . . . they're determined to handle
death better than past generations did. For them, death will be
different."

TV as a guide

Rawlinson notes that boomers also are a generation that resisted
conventions and authority figures. So it makes sense they would
turn to books, films, plays and TV as alternative sources for
guidance on spiritual matters.

"People who don't have traditional religions to look to are exploring
new areas of spirituality," says Celente, director of the Trends
Research Institute.

Call it Faith Lite.

"Hollywood is doing what organized religion isn't doing," Celente
explains. "TV shows and films dealing with death and the afterlife
give people a forum to talk about these troubling issues and find
answers to eternal questions."

But it's not just boomers peering into their graves. Even young
generations are considering death.

"I have the sense that there's been an increase in books on death
and dying in the last 10 years due in large part to AIDS and young
people losing friends and family before their time," Rawlinson
says.

Even Princess Diana's shocking death caused an eerie global outpouring
of grief that revealed deeper fears. For many, Diana's demise
at the pinnacle of her beauty and fame hammered home the uncertainty
of life and deepened a desire to believe in rewards beyond the
grave.

Stuart Fishoff, professor of media psychology at California State
University in Los Angeles, is one of many experts who find the
entertainment world's current obsession with life and death matters
a positive trend.

"America has always been criticized for being afraid to look
at death and our preoccupation with youth," Fishoff says. "It's
much healthier to look at death as the inevitable part of the
life cycle."

The millennium factor

Like many, Fishoff believes that as the new millennium approaches,
everyone's feeling more spiritual. Or feeling that they should.

"A lot of this is due to the millennium milestone," says Bass,
also a producer of Stepmom. "It's natural for people to
be thinking about these issues now, to be asking themselves questions,
to be examining their lives and looking for deeper meaning."

But Hollywood seeks more than meaning. The studios are interested
in more earthly rewards -- box office bucks -- and they're churning
out the movies to make them.

In Jack Frost, opening Dec. 18, Michael Keaton plays
a workaholic father who is killed in a car crash but is reincarnated
as his son's snowman. He then learns what it means to be a cool
dad.

Beacon Entertainment's End of Days starts production this
week, with Arnold Schwarzenegger as a private eye battling satanic
forces in a race toward the millennium.

In development heaven: Love, Jenny, in which Will Smith
plays a widower whose wife is reincarnated in the body of Jada
Pinkett Smith. In Something Wicked, Jennifer Aniston will
star as a work-obsessed female executive who gets a second chance
at life. And Julia Roberts is in talks to appear in Manhattan
Ghost Story, a supernatural romance.

Metafilmics, a new production company devoted to visionary works,
is starting Between Lives, a reincarnation comedy about
newly harvested souls choosing their next-life parents.

And Warner Bros. just signed an $ 8 million deal with Brandon Kemp
and Mike Thompson, co-writers of two existential tales, Dragonflies
and Steinbeck's Point of View. In the first, a man who
lost his pregnant wife in a plane crash comes to believe in the
near-death experiences of children. In the other, a terminally
ill patient has a bizarre spiritual awakening.

The afterlife is endless, even on TV. In TNT's big-budget movie
Purgatory, airing Jan. 10, Sam Shepard, Donnie Wahlberg, Randy
Quaid and Eric Roberts are outlaws who land in limbo between heaven
and hell.

"Hollywood will continue to exploit this trend of life, death
and the afterlife until people turn away," Celente says. "Love
it or hate it, it's here to stay."



Movies

Variations on the theme of death as a beginning are central to
several current and upcoming movies.

Meet Joe Black: Death (Brad Pitt) decides to delay
taking a tycoon (Anthony Hopkins) across the River Styx in exchange
for a few five-course meals, business meetings, some peanut butter
and a romantic romp with Hopkins' beautiful daughter (Claire Forlani).

What Dreams May Come: Robin Williams dies in a car
crash, goes to heaven and finds his two kids, who were killed
in an accident. Then he travels to hell to rescue his wife (Annabella
Sciorra), who has committed suicide.

One True Thing: The heart-wrenching tale of a daughter
(Renee Zellweger) caring for her mother (Meryl Streep), who is
slowly dying of cancer.

Beloved: Sethe, a former slave (Oprah Winfrey),
is haunted by the ghost of her dead child.

Stepmom: Susan Sarandon plays a dying divorcee who,
for the sake of her kids, must make peace with her ex-husband's
young new wife (Julia Roberts). (Opens Dec. 25)

Jack Frost: Michael Keaton is killed in a car crash,
then reincarnated as his son's snowman. (Opens Dec. 18)

Television

Death and life after death are never-ending themes on several
TV shows.

Buffy the Vampire Slayer: Buffy (Sarah Michelle
Gellar) has the eternal hots for the undead vampire Angel (David
Boreanaz). Sadly, last season she had to send him back to the
underworld to save the real world. But now he's back, a little
shaken by the experience. (WB)

Brimstone: An action thriller about a New York cop
(Peter Horton) who, after avenging his wife's rape by murdering
her attacker, is killed in the line of duty and sent to hell.
Satan promises him a ticket to heaven if he goes back to Earth
and rounds up escaped demons. (Fox)

Touched by an Angel: Roma Downey plays an angel
who helps humans cope with life's ups and downs. She's accompanied
on assignments by the Angel of Death (John Dye). (CBS)

Purgatory: A band of cowboy outlaws stumbles into
a ghost town that turns out to be the limbo between heaven and
hell. (TNT movie airing Jan. 10)

Books

Some top titles according to Publishers Weekly and Amazon.com:

The Grace in Dying: How We Are Transformed Spiritually as
We Die by Kathleen Dowling Singh

($ 22, HarperSan Francisco)

Kaddish by Leon Wieseltier ($ 27.50, Knopf)

Tuesdays With Morrie by Mitch Albom ($ 25.95,
Wheeler)

Journey Into the Light: Exploring Near Death Experiencesby Richard Abanes ($
15.99, Baker Book House)

Saved by the Light by Dannion Brinkley ($ 6.50,
Harper Mass Market Paperbacks)

Hello From Heaven by Bill and Judy Guggenheim
($ 5.99, Bantam)

We Don't Die by Joel Martin ($ 6.99, Berkley
Publishing Group)

After Death Communication: Final Farewells by
Louis E. Lagrand ($ 12.95, Llewellyn Publications)

Love Beyond Life: The Healing Power of After-Death Communicationsby Joel Martin
($ 23, HarperCollins)

The Other Side of Death by Jan Price ($ 10,
Ballantine Books)

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Phillip V. Caruso, Universal City Studios; PHOTO, Color,
Michael Courtney, Fox; PHOTO, Color, Ralph Nelson, Polygram Films; PHOTO, Color;
PHOTO, B/W, Suzanne Hanover, Warner Bros.; PHOTO, B/W; 'Meet Joe Black': Claire
Forlani embraces Death (Brad Pitt). 'Brimstone': Peter Horton has a pact beyond
the grave. 'Dreams': Robin Williams, left, and Cuba Gooding Jr. Books, 2E 'Jack
Frost': Joseph Cross, left, is reunited with his dead father, Michael Keaton,
who returns to Earth as a snowman.

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              70 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 30, 1998, Monday, FIRST EDITION

Registers ringing happy tune for retailers Shoppers ready to spend despite
troubles abroad

BYLINE: Chris Woodyard; Lorrie Grant

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 770 words


Showing renewed faith in job security and the economy, customers
gleefully jammed the nation's malls during the three-day shopping
fest that marks the traditional start of the holiday gift-giving
season.

"You get caught up in the whole spend, spend, spend," said Chris
Proctor, 43, an operating-room nurse from Thibodaux, La., who
was shopping at Disney Village in Lake Buena Vista, Fla.

"I am not being very careful on what I spend," she said.

Emily Pinfield, 22, of Santa Cruz, Calif., who was shopping with
her mom in Seattle, was even more blunt: "I think I did some
damage to my mother's wallet."


Such consumers came as welcome relief to retailers, many of which
feared that the nation's economy, struggling to stay clear of
the global economic crisis, would prove a tougher sell this year.

Just as retailers were ready to hunker down, the stock market
rebounded, and a report last week showed consumer confidence up
5.6% after four months of declines.

"The two days were good," Bloomingdale's CEO Michael Gould said
on Sunday after reviewing sales data for Friday and Saturday.
"The customers know there were great values in the store."

Retailers offered broad discounts or gimmicks to drive customers
into their stores.

Target, a mass-merchandise chain, for instance, gave away Hot
Wheels toy cars to the first 1,000 customers in each store Friday.

The Disney Store had lines out the doors Friday morning by offering
a limited-edition Winnie the Pooh bean bag toy.

A Kinney shoe store offering 50% to 80% discounts at the Del Amo
Fashion Square in Torrance, Calif., was only letting in a few
customers at a time all weekend.

But it didn't always work. By Sunday, the Macy's in New York's
Herald Square looked fairly empty, even as the streets outside
were bustling.

One problem was that the weekend's shopping had to compete with
unseasonably warm weather in much of the nation. Retailers often
fear that potential shoppers would rather bask in their back yards
than flee to the comfort of an enclosed mall.

But still, the crowds were out, although sales of winter wear
were lagging.

Marketing executive Michele Parent, 24, shopped along Chicago's
Michigan Avenue in shorts to take advantage of the 66-degree temperature,
a sharp contrast to last year's fog and rain.

"The weather is wonderful," she said. "It makes shopping so
much more enjoyable."

Bloomingdale's Gould said he's surprised his chain's furniture
and housewares business thrived during the weekend, usually the
kind of discretionary purchases that suffer during nice weather.

Toys and electronics appeared to be some of the strongest sellers
over the weekend.

The overwhelming hot toy was a talking electronic creature called
a Furby. But with most of those snapped up in minutes, parents
also were making hot commodities of some of the old standbys.

At the Kay-Bee toy store in Lakewood, Calif., Frank Negley III
of Bellflower, Calif., dragged out two huge plastic sacks full
of Barbies and Star Wars toys for his three kids -- $ 150
worth of stuff.

"I'm getting it all out of the way," said Negley, a telephone
information operator. His wife, he added, "is going to think
it's crazy."

Mechanical engineer Tom Junis, 42, bought a Hot Wheels set and
Talking Madeline and Winnie the Pooh dolls for his nieces and
nephews in Chicago. "Prices seem better this year," he said.
"There are lots of sales. I think my money will go farther."

Some shoppers have put the brakes on their spending. Paul Taylor,
34, an information technology manager in Olympia, Wash., was shopping
in Seattle. "We are purposely buying less this year. . . . We've
made a decision to look for a few nice things."

Still, a lot of consumers say that despite paying heed to their
bottom line, they're ready to spend.

Kristie Simmons, 26, a teacher from Tampa, is planning to spend
about $ 500 more on gifts this year, up from $ 1,000 last year,
because the economy is strong and because she just had a baby.
"We don't set aside money for Christmas," she said, "but we
pay for everything with cash."

Consumers might spend more if they realized how good they have
it.

Visiting Londoner Stephen Eaves said he is floored by the prices
and selection in New York's shopping districts.

"Prices here are ridiculously inexpensive compared with London,"
he said. "There are lots of sales here."

Contributing: David Craig and Donna Rosato in New York; Patrick
McMahon in Seattle; John T. Slania in Chicago; Dennis Blank in
Orlando, Fla.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, color, Bob Riha Jr., USA TODAY(3)

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              72 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 2, 1998, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Browsing pleasure, peril in virtual aisles

BYLINE: Elizabeth Weise

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 1498 words


This is the year on-line shopping will break through, becoming
a nationwide phenomenon, say Internet analysts and cybercommerce
watchers. An estimated $ 2.3 billion will be spent by U.S.-based
Net users in November and December.

"It's an eye-popping number," says Nicole Vanderbilt of Jupiter
Communications in New York, which tracks on-line retail sales.

But while buying is growing, it's still only a tiny portion of
sales in the USA, says Nick Donatiello of the San Francisco market
research firm Odyssey. "For all the hype, 90% of U.S. households
have purchased nothing on line," he says.


And as for that $ 2.3 billion estimate, it's still less than 2%
of the $ 164 billion that will be spent this holiday season, says
the National Retail Federation.

"It's a drop in the bucket," the group's Pam Rucker says.

Still, it's doubled since last year's $ 1.1 billion season, Donatiello
says. "We're at the very beginning of a very big phenomenon."

For those contemplating doing their shopping on line, there's
good news and bad news. The good news is that a lot is available
on the Web. The bad news is that you'll still have to wait, wander
and flail to buy it -- and don't count on bargains.

Some venues are sure bets. Amazon.com, AOL.com, and the myriad
computer hardware and software sites are fairly mature in the
scheme of things. They've created distribution and pricing systems
that work, and they'll be prime gift-buying sites this year.

Virtual innovations

Other items slowly are entering the mix. Clothing is an up-and-coming
(and innovative) category. One of the hardest things about catalog
or on-line clothes shopping is wondering how things will look
on you.

Technology to the rescue: Using the Lands' End Personal Model
page (www.lands end.com), women can create a virtual model of
themselves, based on height plus bust, hip and waist proportions.

Another area in which the Web has it over catalogs is the ability
to personalize. Bluefly (www.bluefly.com), which sells brand-name
end-of-season apparel and accessories, lets customers create their
own catalogs. Simply choose a range of sizes, and the database
creates an instant catalog just for you.

The one problem with all the sites is that image resolution on
the typical PC screen is so poor that it's hard to get a good
sense of what garments look like, especially if they're black.

Then there's price. The Web isn't always the best place for bargains.
It's convenient, but you'll often pay for the privilege of shopping
at home.

Even without shipping, prices on line can be wildly divergent,
except in areas such as books and CDs, where it's easy to do quick
comparisons.

Because of that, comparison-shopping sites are big news. They
theoretically allow users to search on-line shopping sites for
the best deal. Popular sites include the Excite Product Finder
(www.jango.excite .com), my Simon (www.mysimon.com), Bottom Dollar
(www.bottomdollar.com), Yahoo Shopping (shopping .yahoo.com) and
CompareNet (www.compare.net).

If you're looking for something specific and popular, such as
a PalmPilot or a Sony DVD player, the listings can be helpful.
For other objects, they don't work as well. Try finding an electric
throw to keep you warm on the couch, and you're out of luck.

Another option is one of the discount sites such as NetMarket
(www.netmarket.com), which has an ambience that's a cross between
Costco and Ronco (the company whose TV commercials pitched the
Pocket Fisherman, the Dial-O-Matic food slicer and -- wait, there's
more -- spray-on hair). Anyone can buy, but members get better
deals. A three-month trial membership costs $ 1. A one-year membership
is $ 69.95.

Haggling with a robot

The Haggle Zone at Net Market lets those with a yen for the bazaar
haggle with one of three computerized salespeople. It's a little
hard to know if the prices are good. A cordless phone I looked
at, which listed at $ 219 according to the site, was worth $ 67
according to "Dot," my virtual saleswoman, who had an unnerving
habit of answering my price offers in Christmas-laden images:
"$ 63 will tie this up in a ribbon."

In the end, "Dot" was willing to let the Northwestern Bell 60
Channel 900 MHz Cordless phone with headset go for $ 50, a price
I walked away from.

I never did make it back to the Haggle Zone. I got sidetracked
and found the absolutely perfect Christmas present instead. The
glory of the Web is that it can take you places you didn't even
know existed -- and that applies to shopping as well.

Serendipity on line

While looking for other telephone sites on Yahoo!, I noticed a
category labeled Antiques and Collectibles a few lines down. My
spouse has been mooning over those copies of 1940s phones in the
Pottery Barn catalog for months.

I stopped in at Old Phones (www.oldphones.com) and found the real
thing, an authentic Western Electric #302 in mint condition and
rewired to work with a modern phone jack, for only $ 85 plus shipping.

Jonathan Finder, who refurbishes the phones, doesn't sell directly
over the Web. Instead, you send him e-mail, he e-mails back the
total, you mail him a check, and he mails you the phone.

Every on-line safety list will suggest you stick to big, corporate
sites, where you know you have recourse if things don't work out.
And they'll certainly suggest you use a credit card, so if something
goes wrong you can cancel the transaction.

But sometimes you just have to go with your heart. The Old Phones
site is full of history, referrals to other collectors, even tips
for a good polish -- as well as a phone number, with a blinking
admonition not to call after 10 p.m. Eastern time.

It just didn't feel like a scam site. A Sunday afternoon phone
call confirmed it. I learned that Finder is a pediatrician at
the University of Pittsburgh who collects and reconditions old
phones as his hobby.

They're beautiful, he says. "It's a wonderful thing that you
can make an old electromechanical object work exactly today as
it did then."

What works

Another thing the Web does well is pull together information.
One excellent example of this -- not to mention a good bet for
that hard-to-please person in your life -- is magazine subscription
sites.

The Electronic Newsstand (www.enews.com) offers a recommender
that works best in a category where there are lots of magazines
to chose from. Click on "military buff," and you get the subcategories
of "military history" and "history and archaeology," with
more than 20 possible titles, including Civil War Times Illustrated
and World War II magazine.

Over at Dr. Mag (www .drmag.com), there's a mind-boggling list
of magazines, from Bow Hunting World to Australian Bushfoods
for the ultimate in hard-to-find.

Much as these sites hook you up with magazines you never knew
existed, the Catalog City site (www.catalogcity.com) is a compendium
of more than a thousand catalogs, of which about 450 accept orders
on line.

And when nothing seems right, there are always gift certificates.
A new site, Giftpoint (www.giftpoint.com), sells them from a wide
variety of national stores, saving you a trip.

If you're totally at a loss, there's always the Of-The-Month Club
(www.of-the-month.com), where you can ship fish, herbs, soup,
pasta and even beer and nuts of the month.

Web pitfalls

Like malls and Main Street, the Web features long lines, frustrating
service and confusion. One added worry on line is making sure
your gifts get there in time.

For example, if you were thinking of doing your holiday shopping
at Wal-Mart.com, you'd better get to it. The final order day for
Christmas delivery is Thursday.

The issue of lateness is one reason Keith Selzer of Harrisburg,
Pa., isn't doing much on-line shopping this year. He feels more
comfortable picking up presents and delivering or mailing them
himself. "How can I be sure it's going to get to me, or get there,
on time?" he says.

For others, part of the fun of shopping is wandering around in
stores -- though they don't dismiss the Web.

"Basically, I go on line when I have to get things I can't get
here," says Kevin McGauley of Minneapolis. "It's for the real
specialty stuff."

But some still see the Grinch in cyberspace when they look at
the big picture.

Chet Bowers, , an education professor at Portland (Ore.) State
University, says it didn't take all that many sales dollars moving
from downtown to suburban malls to destroy America's city centers.
He wonders whether the Web will have a similar effect, and explores
such questions in an upcoming book called Let Them Eat Data.

The Web is a new kind of global supermall that will make it even
more difficult for local stores to compete.

For every store that closes, Bowers says, "we lose another opportunity
for face-to-face interaction."

LOAD-DATE: December 03, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Illustration by Bob Laird, USA TODAY

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              75 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 8, 1998, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Cleaning up cars to lower pollution is industry's job

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 898 words


Has the American automobile industry suddenly turned green? It
would seem so from the announcements this week at Detroit's auto
show.

General Motors began, saying it might introduce a hybrid vehicle
capable of 60 miles a gallon by 2001 and another powered by a
hydrogen fuel cell in 2004.

Ford followed with a promise to make its sport utility vehicles
and minivans meet stringent California standards for low-emission
vehicles by 1999. It also introduced an aluminum diesel car that
gets 63 miles to the gallon.


And Chrysler unveiled a diesel-electric vehicle in a plastic body
that gets 70 miles to the gallon and could be ready by 2003.

The talk is a welcome shift from a few months ago. At the October
Tokyo auto show, U.S. automakers highlighted their biggest and
environmentally baddest vehicles while the Japanese were pumping
their environmentally kindest. And before the December global
warming summit in Kyoto, industry lobbyists railed against stringent
limits on greenhouse gases -- only to find the Japanese wouldn't
go along.

That's a familiar stance. For most of the decade, the automakers
have thrived on sales of high-priced sport utility vehicles, small
trucks and vans. Exempt from tough fuel and emissions rules for
autos, such vehicles produce three times the pollution and get
half the mileage. Their growing popularity is making it harder
for states to clean their air and the nation to lower its greenhouse
emissions.

But there are reasons the industry's sudden turn is more than
a cynical ploy.

The first is regulatory pressure.

California regulators, who've already set deadlines for companies
to sell large numbers of low-emission vehicles, are considering
making sport utility vehicles meet the same emission standards
as cars. Northeastern states are following suit.

Second is competition. Abroad, where fuel prices are higher, fuel-efficient
vehicles are more enticing. The first company with a truly affordable
green vehicle is sure to win a big edge in future sales.

Finally, there's technology. After investing $ 2.5 billion a year,
the industry is seeing advances that may eventually make alternative-fuel
vehicles competitive.

But despite this week's hype, consumers shouldn't expect too much
too soon.

GM's breakthrough electric vehicle still gets only 160 miles between
recharges that take hours. Not the best for a long family trip.
Even the least inexpensive fuel-cell vehicle costs $ 30,000 more
than a standard car. And Ford's new clean sport utility vehicles
cut smog but not greenhouse gases.

That means government shouldn't fall for automaker demands that
taxpayers pick up more of the tab.

GM wants the government to provide additional tax credits for
consumers who buy alternative-fuel vehicles. And it wants government
to install equipment to recharge the electric vehicles it makes.

Government is doing plenty now. Federal and state agencies, along
with utilities, are buying hundreds of the experimental vehicles.
Federal funds help fund battery and fuel-cell research. Adding
tax credits and billions for an electric-car infrastructure to
support such vehicles before they're really ready could lead to
government backing the wrong technology. That happened before
when government poured billions into "clean coal" technology
in the 1980s, with little to show for it.

The best way to promote green cars is to uphold tough emissions
standards. Government also can encourage consumers to buy greener
vehicles by raising fuel taxes as Europe and Japan have. Gasoline
is three times as expensive there.

Ultimately, how green the auto industry becomes will depend on
how green consumers demand it be -- and how much money the automakers
commit to it.



Cars of the future

Automakers are pursuing many different types of alternative fuel
vehicles in an attempt to address pollution and global warming
problems. Here are some of them with their advantages and drawbacks.

Electric: Electrics have zero tailpipe emissions, although
the electricity to run them may come from power plants that do
pollute. They run on batteries, which now are expensive, have
short lives and take a long time to recharge. In addition, their
range is limited. The new GM battery doubles the range but still
achieves only 160 miles to a charge.

Fuel cell: Fuel cells produce electricity through an electrochemical
reaction between hydrogen and oxygen. Using pure hydrogen as a
fuel would result in almost no toxic emissions. But storage and
distribution of hydrogen are problematic. A breakthrough in fuel
cells producing hydrogen from gasoline eliminates that problem.
It would still cut greenhouse gases in half while eliminating
most other pollutants. Materials now needed to make fuel cells
work, primarily $ 400-an-ounce platinum, make the cost of such
a vehicle $ 30,000 more than a standard car.

Hybrid: These run on a combination of electric battery
or fuel cell and gasoline or diesel engine power, varying the
amount of power from each at different speeds. They don't eliminate
pollution but could reduce global warming carbon dioxide emissions
by as much as 50% and other pollutants by as much as 90%. The
dual-engine vehicles cost two to three times as much as regular
cars.

Source: USA TODAY research

LOAD-DATE: January 09, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Reuters

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              76 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 13, 1998, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Studying other shifts in the ocean, atmosphere

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 309 words


El Nino is the biggest and best-understood of the ocean-atmosphere
patterns that help drive the world's weather.

With the growing success of El Nino research, scientists are now
focusing more effort on understanding the others.

The North Atlantic Oscillation (NAO) is one of the most important
for the USA, Canada and especially Europe.


"We've been aware of the NAO for years, but we haven't been able
to come up with a way to forecast it," says Vernon Kousky of
the National Weather Service's Climate Prediction Center. "We
just don't really have a grasp of the physical mechanisms."

The NAO is a pattern of areas of high and low air pressures and
winds over the North Atlantic that is most prominent in winter.
Unlike El Nino, which lasts around a year and occurs every three
to seven years, the NAO tends to stay in one phase, or mode, for
around a decade and then switch.

From 1980 to 1994 it was in the mode that sends relatively mild
Atlantic winds across Europe in the winter, making the seasons
mild and wet in northern Europe. It also made southern Europe
and parts of North Africa dry. This phase also encourages mild
winters in the Northeast USA.

In 1995 the pattern shifted, helping set the stage for the snowy
winter of 1995-96 in the Northeast and bringing bitter weather
to Europe but easing drought in southern Europe.

One of the big questions about the NAO is whether ocean temperatures
affect the atmosphere, as with El Nino.

If the ocean is involved, forecasts will be easier because ocean
temperatures change more slowly than air temperatures and pressures.
Once the ocean locks into a pattern, such as with El Nino, it's
likely to affect the air for a long time.

But if the NAO turns out to be mostly an atmospheric phenomenon,
long-term predictions will be much harder.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: SCIENCE

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              77 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 16, 1998, Friday, FINAL EDITION

For women on death row, clock is ticking

BYLINE: Charisse Jones

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 1287 words


The nation is watching Texas and an inmate named Karla Faye Tucker
who on Feb. 3 is set to become the first woman executed there
this century.

But there is another woman scheduled to die this year. Judias
Buenoano is to be executed in Florida at the end of March, her
life taken as punishment for murdering her husband in 1971. She
would also be the first woman executed in her state this century.

And while Tucker and Buenoano wait, the clock ticks on 45 other
women who sit on death row.


The modern era of capital punishment spans 25 years, and during
it only one woman has been executed.

But that number may soon rise. More than a dozen of the 47 women
on death row are approaching the end of their appeals process.
At the same time, the political climate has become more conservative,
the options for getting a conviction or death sentence overturned
are far fewer and the idea of equal punishment for women is becoming
more common.

As a result, more women on death row will reap their punishment.

"As the courts find fewer errors in capital cases now and the
process is sped up, we're going to see more women being executed,"
says Steven Hawkins of the Washington-based National Coalition
To Abolish the Death Penalty. "We could easily see a dozen women
seriously facing execution in the next 10 years."

Society has traditionally been slow to carry out executions regardless
of the inmate's gender. More than half of those sentenced to death
have their sentences reversed or commuted. And those inmates who
are executed have spent an average of eight years on death row.
Some have languished as long as two decades while appeals went
through the courts.

Still, there are those who believe that society is far more reluctant
to execute a woman than a man. Women make up one in eight of those
arrested for intentional homicide, but only one in 50 of those
sentenced to death, and one in 70 of those currently on death
row.

Of the 432 inmates put to death since 1976, the year the Supreme
Court allowed states to resume executions, Margie Velma Barfield
was the only woman to die. She was killed by lethal injection
in North Carolina in 1984.

But even if there has been gender bias in the past, a mixture
of old-fashioned politics, new laws and changing attitudes will
make it more difficult for women to get off death row in the future.

"We're becoming equal opportunity punishers," says Meda Chesney-Lind
of the University of Hawaii, who has studied women offenders.
She says society's harsher attitudes toward those it has traditionally
protected is showing up in many ways, from calls for violent teen-agers
to be punished as adults, to the appearance of boot camps and
even a chain gang in Arizona for women.

And sometimes death is a matter of politics.

The state of Texas executed 37 men last year. It has been responsible
for one in three of the executions carried out nationally over
the last 20 years. And it is the fate of Tucker, one of seven
women on Texas' death row, that has garnered the country's attention.

Now 38, Tucker was 23 years old and in a drug-laced fog when she
and her boyfriend broke into the Houston home of Jerry Lynn Dean
in June 1983. Wielding a pick ax, Tucker helped kill Dean and
his companion, Deborah Thornton. She said later that she had an
orgasm with every strike of the ax.

Tucker was convicted and sentenced to death in April 1984. Twice
she was able to avoid execution. But in December, her appeals
ran out.

She now has until Jan. 27 to formally ask the Texas Board of Pardons
and Paroles to recommend that Gov. George W. Bush spare her life.

Since going to prison, Tucker has converted to Christianity, and
her quiet remorse coupled with religious conviction have attracted
an unlikely array of supporters. Jerry Lynn Dean's sister and
television evangelist Pat Robertson, a death penalty supporter,
are among those who have pleaded for Tucker's life.

Still, the Texas parole board has not recommended the commutation
of a death sentence in more than a decade. And both the board's
chairman and a spokeswoman for Bush say that Tucker's gender will
not play a role in their decisions.

Even if the board recommends that Tucker's sentence be commuted,
Bush can still say no.

His decision and how it plays with the public could have a significant
impact on the way elected leaders deal with women and capital
punishment in the future.

"If he executes her and there are no bad ramifications, you'll
probably see women exposed to the same increasing wave of capital
executions that are going on across the board," says Scott Wallace
of the National Legal Aid and Defender Association in Washington.

But an execution followed by a public outcry could have a chilling
effect, and players in the criminal justice system could become
even more reluctant to sentence women to death.

Stuart Rothenberg, editor of the nonpartisan Rothenberg Political
Report, says it is more valuable politically for a death penalty
supporter to stand firm in his stance than to appear to soften
because of an inmate's gender.

"Supporters of the death penalty have made it synonymous with
being against crime," Rothenberg says. "And the only way to
go against it is to give some overriding reason, and gender is
not enough"

But at a time when governors may be less inclined to grant clemency,
such reprieves may become the only hope for some inmates. A 1996
federal law, along with several decisions by the U.S. Supreme
Court, have made it more difficult for death row inmates of either
gender to get their convictions or death sentences reversed.

The Anti-Terrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act, passed by
Congress in 1996, included several new restrictions. One of the
most significant is a rule that says federal courts must defer
to state courts when determining whether a person's trial was
unconstitutional, which makes it harder for a federal court to
grant relief. If their first appeal is denied, inmates now have
only one year to file a follow-up petition. Most will have only
that one chance to make all their claims that their conviction
or sentencing was unconstitutional.

Meanwhile, commutations of women's death sentences have been rare.
Of the 69 women sentenced to death since 1973 whose cases have
been resolved, only six have had their sentences commuted. Barfield
was executed, and the rest had either their convictions or sentences
overturned. In the most recent case involving a woman, Gov. Lawton
Chiles of Florida signed a death warrant for Judias Buenoano in
December, automatically denying her clemency and setting the stage
for her execution on March 30.

But despite greater restrictions in the law, some who believe
that women are protected from execution say that won't change.

"I think you can assume executions generally will go up . . .
and presumably that rise in tide will carry women as well as men,"
says Victor Streib, dean of Ohio Northern University's College
of Law and author of a semiannual report called "Capital Punishment
of Female Offenders." "But the system still seems to discount
male lives."

Streib, who has studied women's executions over the past three
centuries says that the two executions set for this year are a
fluke, and the number of women executed will remain inexplicably
low. When it comes to the future, he believes the past is prologue.

If women receive 2% to 3% of all death sentences, women should
logically make up 2% to 3% of the executions, he says. But "it
never has been," Streib says. "And I would argue that it never
will be."

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, ABC-TV; PHOTO, B/W, Ron Kuntz, Reuters; PHOTO, B/W, AP

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              78 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   January 21, 1998, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Top tax writer to seek $200B cut With budget in balance, debate changes

BYLINE: William M. Welch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 551 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- The head of the House's tax-writing committee, Rep.
Bill Archer, called Tuesday for cutting taxes $ 200 billion over
the next decade and proposed a new limitation to keep federal
taxes from exceeding current levels.

House Democratic Leader Dick Gephardt, meanwhile, accused Republicans
of being all talk and no action on tax reform, and he renewed
his own proposal for a 10% rate for most taxpayers.


The exchange came as Congress prepares to reconvene next week
in a political climate altered dramatically by a federal budget
that is essentially balanced now and could start to show surpluses.

"I believe a balanced budget must lead to a smaller, less-taxing
government, letting people keep more of what they earn," Archer
said. "That's what the post-deficit era is about."

The Texas Republican said that if the projections of congressional
analysts hold, the federal government will see a surplus of $ 660
billion over the next decade.

He proposed allocating at least $ 200 billion of that amount to
tax cuts and $ 200 billion to paying off some of the nation's accumulated
debt, which stands at nearly $ 5.5 trillion after three decades
of annual deficits.

Archer said his panel would consider various tax cut plans, including
easing the "marriage penalty," a quirk in the tax code that
makes many married people pay more tax than if they were single.

Another idea, he said, is adjusting brackets so taxpayers can
earn more before being bumped from the 15% rate to 28%.

But the centerpiece of Archer's agenda is establishing a legal
cap on taxes. Under his plan, total federal tax receipts -- from
all sources including income taxes and Social Security taxes --
could not exceed 19% of the nation's economy.

That figure is projected to hit 19.9% this year, the highest since
World War II, according to the Joint Committee on Taxation. Archer
said his tax cut proposal would bring the percentage down to 19%,
if the economy remains strong.

Democrats were cool to Archer's proposal.

"We don't have the surplus yet," Treasury Secretary Robert Rubin
said. "We shouldn't do anything with respect to a surplus we
don't yet have."

Rep. Charles Rangel, D-N.Y., the top Democrat on Archer's committee,
said, "It is never a good idea to have the American people looking
forward to something you cannot deliver."

Democrats noted that the growth in federal taxes as a percentage
of the economy is largely because of rising payroll taxes that
finance Medicare and Social Security.

"Medicare and Social Security are two programs that Americans
love," said Ellen Dadisman, spokeswoman for Ways and Means Democrats.
"If Mr. Archer is proposing to eliminate either one of them,
he didn't say so in his speech."

Touting his own simplified tax plan in a speech in California,
Gephardt said Republicans should "stop demagoguing and start
acting" to simplify taxes.

Gephardt's plan would have five tax rates, as now, but structure
them so that 75% of all Americans pay at a rate of 10%.

A recent USA TODAY/CNN/ Gallup Poll found fewer people favor using
any federal surpluses to cut taxes than favor paying down the
federal debt or increasing spending on social programs such as
Social Security and Medicare.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Jerry Mosemak, USA TODAY, Source: Joint Committee on
Taxation, House Ways and Means Committee(Line graph); PHOTO, B/W, Richard Ellis,
Meet the Press; PHOTO, B/W, Mark Wilson, AP

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              81 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 2, 1998, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Tax credits target energy efficiency Global warming concerns are priority in
budget proposal

BYLINE: Traci Watson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 828 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- The Clinton administration is proposing hefty tax
credits for Americans who buy superefficient cars and energy-saving
devices for their homes.

The tax credit proposals, part of the administration's effort
to enlist the public in the battle against global warming, are
expected to be included in President Clinton's 1999 budget message
today. Clinton, who outlined the proposal in his Saturday radio
address, is seeking a $ 6 billion, five-year program to fund global
warming research and to encourage sales of energy-efficient technology.

Earth's average temperature has risen by roughly 1 degree the
last century. Most scientists agree the cause is so-called greenhouse
gases, which build up in the atmosphere and trap heat. There is
debate, however, over how fast the warming is occurring.


One central greenhouse gas is carbon dioxide, which is produced
by the burning of gas, coal and other fossil fuels.

The Clinton administration is offering a variety of incentives
to persuade Americans to save energy, which would lead to lower
carbon dioxide emissions:

-- A $ 2,000 tax credit for buying a vehicle that gets twice the
average mileage of others in its class. The rebate would go into
effect in 2000 and would be phased out in 2006. Eligible vehicles
include cars, light trucks and minivans.

-- A $ 3,000 tax credit for buying a vehicle that gets three times
the mileage of the average for others in its class. This rebate
would start in 2003 and would be phased out in 2010.

-- A 20% tax credit on the cost of energy-saving devices for
the home, such as solar power systems to heat water or generate
electricity.

-- A tax credit of up to $ 2,000 for buying an energy-efficient
house, which would incorporate technology such as superefficent
cooling and heating.

The proposals are being driven by the Kyoto Protocol, a treaty
that the USA and 160 other nations wrote in December to slow global
warming.

Without any limits, U.S. greenhouse gas emissions are expected
to be about 30% higher in 2010 than they were in 1990, administration
officials say. Under the Kyoto agreement, the United States must
cut its greenhouse gas emissions 7% below 1990 levels by 2010.

Such a huge reduction will take more than factories and power
plants cutting back emissions. The average American will also
have to use less energy. "Everyone has a responsibility here,"
says Federico Pena, U.S. secretary of Energy.

Before the tax credits and research spending can go into effect,
however, the administration must get the program approved by Congress.
That won't be easy, says Alden Meyer of the Union of Concerned
Scientists. "They're probably going to get some of it but not
all of it," he says, adding the tax credits are especially dicey.



KEY ELEMENTS

Other major budget proposals:

-- Social Security: President Clinton will propose that any budget
surpluses in the next two years be used solely to shore up the
Social Security Trust Fund.

-- Education: Clinton will ask for $ 7.3 billion over five years
to help schools provide smaller classes for early grades. The
goal: to reduce the average class size from 22 to 18 for grades
1-3 and to help school districts hire 100,000 more teachers.

Clinton also will propose federal tax credits to pay interest
on nearly $ 22 billion in bonds for public school construction
and renovation. The credits will cost the federal treasury $ 5
billion over five years.

-- Health care: Clinton's major proposal is to open the Medicare
program to Americans 62 to 65. This initiative, which the White
House says would pay for itself through premiums, would also be
open to displaced workers 55 and over who have lost their jobs
or lost access to their former employers' health insurance.

The budget proposal will ask for substantial increases in funding
for biomedical research -- $ 1.15 billion in fiscal 1999 alone
and a 50% increase over five years.

-- Tobacco: The budget will call for $ 65 billion over five years
in new revenues from a tobacco industry settlement. Clinton has
called for a deal that would include a tax increase of $ 1.50 per
pack over the next 10 years.

-- Child care: Clinton's child care initiative contains federal
subsidies and tax credits for working parents that would cost
$ 21.7 billion over five years.

-- Labor issues: Clinton plans to call for an increase in the
minimum wage, although aides say he has made no decision on an
exact amount.

He'll also ask Congress to expand the Family and Medical Leave
Act to apply to businesses with 25 to 49 employees. The act, which
guarantees unpaid leave for family emergencies, already applies
to companies with 50 or more employees.

-- Energy: Clinton would offer $ 3.6 billion in tax credits for
energy-saving home solar heating equipment, fuel-efficient cars
and energy-efficient building equipment.


LOAD-DATE: February 02, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              82 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 6, 1998, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Japan hopes Games will lift spirits

BYLINE: Bill Meyers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1641 words


The best athletes on the planet are just getting warmed up for
the 1998 Winter Games, but Japanese officials are already worrying
about Olympic burn out.

With good reason.

The Games' ceremonial torch has flickered and died eight times
over the past month on its way to Nagano, the city in central
Japan that will host the 16-day competition beginning this weekend.

And if the flame fails in front of the world during the Olympics'
Opening Ceremonies, the Japanese, a self-conscious people who
pride themselves on perfection, will be humiliated.

The embarrassment would hurt even more because Japan's economy,
a global powerhouse in the late 1980s, has hovered on the brink
of recession since its speculative real estate and stock markets
collapsed in the early 1990s.


Most Japanese citizens today are still shaken as they struggle
to come to terms with the wave of unemployment, bad bank loans
and corporate bankruptcies that have swept over their country.

The financial debacle has forced Nagano's organizers to withdraw
their offer to pay all travel expenses for Olympians participating
in their Games. Instead, officials will provide each athlete in
Naganowith a $ 1,000 subsidy.

Japan's economic crunch has also compelled Olympic organizers
to think small. Nagano's main ice hockey arena, known as the Big
Hat, for example, will only seat 10,104 spectators. And the figure-skating
venue will squeeze in just 7,351 fans.

"The Olympics are surrounded by a gloomy economic mood and we're
trying to sort out our financial problems," says Bob Miyakawa,
who served on the general planning committee for the Nagano Games.

"But maybe Japan will win some gold medals and these happy stories
will change the way people feel."

Japan's crisp mountain air crackled with much more confidence
in 1972, the last time the Asian nation held the Winter Games.
Those Olympics, in Sapporo, were fueled by the Japanese prosperity
boom that followed World War II.

"It was a bullish environment then," recalls Miyakawa, who served
as head of press operations at Sapporo. "We were doing well."

Size, as well as sentiment, have changed in the 26 years separating
Sapporo and Nagano.

The 1972 Olympics featured 1,000 athletes representing 35 countries.
The 1998 Games will showcase 2,450 medal aspirants from 72 nations.

And over the next two weeks, Olympians at Nagano will participate
in 68 events -- including newly added competitions in snowboarding,
curling and women's hockey -- vs. just 35 at Sapporo.

Olympic media coverage is dramatically different, too.

In 1972, viewers in 41 countries saw 163 hours of Sapporo's athletic
action. Five hundred hours of competition will be beamed from
Nagano to approximately 160 nations.

More TV costs more money.

Which is one reason why Olympic broadcast rights soared from $ 8.5
million in '72 to $ 513 million today.

Television technology has also vastly improved since Japan last
hosted the Games.

After winning the gold medal in the 500-meter women's speedskating
race in Sapporo, America's Anne Henning came off the ice, but
there was no mini-cam waiting. She had to take a long bus ride
downtown to NBC's cramped studio for an interview with Curt Gowdy.

NBC had just 40 people at the 1972 Winter Games. CBS will have
approximately 1,500 in Nagano.

"It was like going to visit Fred and Wilma back then compared
to what they do now in TV," remembers Henning, 42, a second grade
teacher in Colorado today.

Indeed, Nagano will be a cutting-edge competition.

The first Winter Games with a presence on the Internet, these
Olympics also will be viewed in 3-D in some Nagano theaters.

Security will be tight, thanks to the Iris Scan System, which
reads and recognizes patterns in a person's eye.

And indoor skating venues will have tiny microphones embedded
in the ice to pick up the sounds of razor-sharp blades as they
glide across the hard surface.

That climate-controlled, state-of-the-art ice offers cold comfort
to Henning and her Olympic peers, who raced outdoors at Sapporo
under constantly changing and ever-challenging conditions.

"We had snow lanes," says Henning, who hasn't seen or heard
clap skates, speedskating's latest innovation, "and we had to
watch for melting when the sun was out."

The weather was unpredictable, but the commercial environment
never varied at Sapporo. Winners and losers alike were expected
to abide by the code of amateurism.

"They never wanted to use the word 'commercial,' " says Bob
Paul, press chief for the U.S. Team at the 1972 Winter Games.
"Canon and Nikon had to hide their signs."

And when U.S. skier Barbara Cochran won the gold medal in the
women's slalom at Sapporo, Olympic organizers rushed up to the
finish line and promptly removed her skis.

The officials weren't being nice. Just cautious, in case Cochran
tried to display the skis' bright Rossignol label to waiting photographers.

"It never occurred to me," says Cochran, now a 47-year-old physical
education teacher in Vermont. "I skied because I loved it. I
was an amateur, and pleased about it."

Not everyone felt the same way. Austrian ski star Karl Schranz
was banished from Sapporo because of commercial ties. And the
Canadian ice-hockey team stayed away to protest the de facto professionals
skating for East European countries.

The amateur debate, settled many years ago, means nothing in Nagano.

In fact, the 1998 Winter Games will welcome the National Hockey
League's highly paid and highly skilled players for the first
time in Olympic history.

Making Olympic history held little meaning for Cochran and Henning
in the years following their Sapporo victories.

"There was a sense of disappointment," muses Cochran, who has
allowed the ribbon on her gold medal to fray and tear. "I had
done the most amazing thing in my life, but it didn't seem that
important."

Both women have recently gained new appreciation for their athletic
accomplishments, however.

"I now believe that my Olympic training made me a strong, focused
adult," says Henning, who has coped with divorce and the death
of her parents. "I am a survivor and I know I can get from here
to there. I did it then. I can do it again."

Dianne Holum, who carried the U.S. flag and won a gold medal in
the women's 1,500-meter speedskating race at Sapporo, is back
again.

Now 46, Holum is coaching her 17-year-old daughter Kirstin, a
medal hopeful at Nagano in the 3,000-meter speedskating competition.

Coming back to Japan for a second Winter Games "wasn't something
we planned," explains Holum. "Kirstin just exploded last year."

Kirstin's grandparents, who watched their daughter skate to glory
in Sapporo, will be on hand in Nagano to cheer for a gold medal
encore by their granddaughter.

"So few people get this kind of opportunity," says Dianne Holum.
"We're fortunate to be at another Olympics."

Masahiko Harada couldn't agree more.

Currently atop the World Cup standings, the Japanese ski jumper
failed to garner gold at the 1994 Winter Games in Norway when
he left the launch ramp too soon.

"Because of that, all of Japan was upset," says the 5-foot-8-inch,
123-pound Harada. "I really felt ashamed, causing such a big
uproar."

With partisan crowds of at least 40,000 expected for the ski-jumping
events at Nagano, Harada is determined to erase the disappointment
and achieve athletic redemption in his home country.

History demands a victory.

At Sapporo, the Japanese team swept the 70-meter ski jump, the
first Winter Games discipline in which all three medals were taken
by non-European competitors.

Says Aki Murasato, director of international relations for the
Ski Association of Japan: "We can now say that it's okay to start
dreaming about repeating 1972."

If he soars to gold and glory, Harada, 29, will receive a check
worth $ 24,000 from his country's Olympic officials.

The financial reward will come in handy for the jumper, the father
of two small children, especially with Japan's economy hurting
so badly.

Repeated rounds of public works spending have failed to revive
Japanese economic growth in recent years. And while the Bank of
Japan has pushed a key interest rate below 1%, many Japanese financial
institutions are so hobbled by bad real estate loans that they
are unwilling to extend new credit.

In a bid to reform the economy, Japan's government has started
closing insolvent banks and arresting bank regulators who have
given banks favorable treatment. Last week, the country's finance
minister was forced to resign.

Japanese officials hope the weak yen will help increase exports.
But Asia, currently struggling with economic chaos, consumes 40%
of all goods and services shipped from Japan, so the strategy
may not work.

Big-time exporting to America could be a problem, too, because
the USA's free-trade consensus appears to be unraveling.

The $ 11 billion Nagano Games could provide a much-needed athletic
interlude for beleaguered Japan. Approximately 80% of the Games'
1.3 million available tickets for Japanese spectators have been
sold.

But once the Olympics end in late February, the average Japanese
citizen will be forced to confront a gloomy reality once again.

"Japan is pessimistic," says Stephan Richter of TransAtlantic
Futures in Washington, D.C., "because it recognizes its economic
vulnerability."

World-class ski-jumpers never feel vulnerable.

And that explains one of Harada's lofty -- and patriotic -- goals
as the Winter Olympics in Nagano get under way.

"I want," says the daring jumper, "to blow away Japan's economic
woes with a powerful performance."

Contributing: Gary Mihoces

LOAD-DATE: February 06, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS, Color (4)

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              83 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 13, 1998, Friday, FINAL EDITION

'Romantic' paints a portrait of Teddy Roosevelt's ideals

BYLINE: Susan Kelly

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 15D

LENGTH: 625 words


Theodore Roosevelt, our 26th president, embodies what many like
to consider the best of the American spirit: boldness and a will
to fight for justice regardless of the cost.

Historian H.W. Brands calls him T.R.: The Last Romantic,
making the case that Roosevelt's vision of himself was based on
an idealization of what life should be. He believed in heroes
and measured himself against giants of history and literature.

At more than 800 pages, the book may seem daunting, but it's fascinating.
Brands bases his work on Roosevelt's writings, putting them in
vivid context. Roosevelt had an extraordinary childhood. A sickly
boy in a wealthy New York family, he was kept apart by his asthma.
His friends were books: tales of valor and adventure.

The New York City of his youth was beset by all manner of vice.
But Theodore was sheltered. His family traveled to exotic locales
in search of a hospitable climate for the boy.

At the urging of his father, Theodore began to literally fight
off illness with rigorous exercise, a practice that continued
into manhood with an endless stream of endurance tests.

From these beginnings came a man whose head was in the clouds
and feet were in a boxing ring. The facts of his life are well-known:
The political career that led to the White House after the assassination
of President McKinley. The early deaths of his parents and first
wife. His heroism in the Spanish-American War.

As president, he greatly expanded the federal government's role
as protector of the people and keeper of international peace.
As a man, he was a devoted husband and father.

But heroes are not easy to live with. Brands, with perceptive,
wry narration, shows the flip side of Roosevelt's supreme belief
in himself. He effectively ended the presidency of William Howard
Taft, a devoted friend, with his ill-considered third party candidacy
in 1912. You were either with him or against him; there were no
shades of gray. "What a queer set of evil-minded creatures, mixed
with honest people of preposterous shortness of vision, our opponents
are!" he once told a colleague.

And yet, he had a great heart and lived his ideals. And when one
of his most cherished beliefs, in the nobility of war, was shaken
by the death in World War I of his youngest son, it seemed that
his heart just broke, and he died.

Brands is a fine storyteller and impressive researcher. If you
are interested in Roosevelt -- or if you just need to be reminded
that one person really can change the world -- you'll love this
book.

It's the story of a man who had giant virtues and giant flaws.
In a time when our leaders can claim modest accomplishments and
distasteful failings, he is missed still.


Excerpt

But Roosevelt arrived at just the right hour. The nation's supply
of heroes was dwindling with each decade farther from Appomattox;
the frontier was fading into mythic memory with each quarter-section
brought behind the fence and under the plow. The more rapidly
the past slipped away, the more anxious Americans grew to hold
on to what was left. Roosevelt gave them something to grasp. By
his experience of war and of the West, he symbolized those two
essential characteristics of the nation's identity; by his public
rectitude and eagerness to take on the bosses, he represented
an era remembered for being cleaner and more straightforward than
the muddy present. One longtime Roosevelt watcher observed, "You
had to hate the Colonel a whole lot to keep from loving him."
Those who hated him often did so for the same reason many more
loved him: He called to mind America's better days and Americans'
better selves.

-- From TR: The Last Romantic

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Library of Congress

TYPE: BOOK REVIEW

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              84 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    February 13, 1998, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Supercomputer to dethrone Deep Blue

BYLINE: Paul Hoversten

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3A

LENGTH: 481 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- Deep Blue, move over.

The supercomputer that beat world chess champion Garry Kasparov
last May will soon be eclipsed by one 1,000 times faster as part
of an Energy Department program to safeguard the nation's supply
of nuclear weapons.

Energy Secretary Federico Pena said Thursday the agency has awarded
an $ 85 million contract to IBM to build a supercomputer capable
of making 10 trillion calculations per second by the year 2000.


The computer, code-named "Option White," will be able to calculate
in a single second what it would take 10 million years to do with
a hand-held calculator. "We're taking another major leap forward,"
Pena said. "We are the world's leader in supercomputing. No one
else is close."

Such brute computing strength is necessary to ensure the reliability
and safety of the nation's stockpile of nuclear weapons, Pena
said. Only a supercomputer can replicate and analyze in a laboratory
the intricate chain reaction that would occur at the moment a
nuclear bomb explodes.

That kind of indoor testing would eliminate the need to set off
the devices underground to see if they still work. President Clinton
is urging the Senate to ratify the Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty
that he signed in 1996 to prohibit such underground tests.

Supercomputers at the Energy Department's Sandia and Los Alamos
labs in New Mexico and the Lawrence Livermore lab in California
already are monitoring the health of the nation's nuclear stockpile.

Sandia's supercomputer, called "Option Red," can perform 1 trillion
calculations per second. Built by Intel, it was the world's fastest
computer when unveiled in December 1996.

Supercomputers at Los Alamos and Lawrence Livermore, called "Option
Blue," can do 3 trillion calculations a second. Los Alamos' was
built by SGI-Cray, Livermore's by IBM.

Plans call for the Energy Department to have a 30-trillion-calculation
supercomputer by 2001 and a 100-trillion-calculation computer
by 2004.

"As the weapons age, we're going to need more supercomputing
power," Pena said. "The supercomputers we now have are already
being put to use and helping us make the certification that the
stockpile is safe."

The newest supercomputer, the IBM RS/6000 SP, won't fit on a desktop
when it arrives at Lawrence Livermore in 2000. It is about the
size of a refrigerator, and it will take 60 to 70 of them to reach
the 10-trillion-calculation mark.

Supercomputers already are in use by at least 100,000 companies
worldwide, including United Airlines to maximize passenger loads
and the investment firm Charles Schwab & Co. Inc. to conduct
trades via the Internet.

Pena said the Energy Department's supercomputers also will be
used by universities for nonclassified research into such areas
as global climate change, medical research and urban traffic.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              90 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 7, 1998, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Economy stays firm amid Asia's troubles

BYLINE: Beth Belton; Stephanie Armour

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 677 words


The Federal Reserve said Wednesday the economy continued to grow
moderately in March and April. Despite tightlabor markets and
rising wages, competitive pressures held prices steady. The Asian
financial crisis was adversely affecting only a few industries,
such as exporters of chemicals and electronic goods. Those findings
are in the Fed's latest "beige book," a region-by-region look
at the economy named for the color of its cover. USA TODAY's Beth
Belton and Stephanie Armour look at the report.


1st District: Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode
Island, Vermont, most of Connecticut. The economy remained strong
except for Asia-related businesses. Retailers reported sales grew
5% to 10% from a year ago. Wage growth has picked up, with raises
of 4% to 6%. But prices remained stable.

2nd District: New York, northern New Jersey, Fairfield
County, Conn. The economy has maintained sturdy growth. Retailers
said sales continued to run above forecasts. Inventories were
in good shape. Purchasing managers indicated continued strength
in manufacturing. Prices held steady.

3rd District: Delaware, southern New Jersey, eastern Pennsylvania.
Business conditions were mainly positive. Manufacturers said activity
increased, but the rate of gain appeared to be easing. Industrial
prices have been steady, but retail prices were mixed.

4th District: Ohio, eastern Kentucky, western Pennsylvania,
northern West Virginia. Conditions continued to be strong. Residential
and commercial construction remained healthy. Bankers do not detect
real estate speculation. Price pressures for goods were slight.

5th District: Maryland, Virginia, North Carolina, South
Carolina, southern West Virginia, District of Columbia. The economy
expanded moderately. Retail sales, after pausing in March, gained.
Real estate activity trended upward. Lending activity remained
brisk. Labor markets continued to be tight; more employers raised
wages. But prices of goods and services changed little.

6th District: Alabama, Florida, Georgia, eastern Tennessee,
southern Louisiana, southern Mississippi. Economic activity continued
to expand. Home construction picked up recently. Manufacturing
activity slipped. Businesses continued to express concern over
labor shortages, but reports of escalating wages were not pervasive.

7th District: Iowa, northern Indiana, northern Illinois,
southern Michigan, southern Wisconsin. The economy continued to
expand with scant signs of slowing growth. A robust housing market
led to strong consumer spending. But weakness in Asian markets
has hurt demand for high-tech electronics.

8th District: Arkansas, southern Illinois, southern Indiana,
western Kentucky, northern Mississippi, eastern Missouri, western
Tennessee. The economy continued at a strong pace, with prices
holding steady despite mounting pressures on wages. Labor remains
scarce. Home sales were moving at a fast clip.

9th District: Minnesota, Montana, North Dakota, South Dakota,
upper Michigan, northern Wisconsin. The economy showed little
change, with some growth in urban areas but rural spending was
down because of weakness in farming and natural resources.

10th District: Colorado, Kansas, Nebraska, Oklahoma,
Wyoming, western Missouri, northern New Mexico. Moderate economic
growth saw robust sales, a jump in construction activity and healthy
manufacturing demands. Labor markets remained tight.

11th District: Texas, northern Louisiana, southern New
Mexico. The economy slowed somewhat, but optimism remained high.
Weaker sales in Asia have hampered manufacturing, while retailers
reported good sales. Land prices are up 15% over last year in
some markets.

12th District: Alaska, Arizona, California, Hawaii, Idaho,
Nevada, Oregon, Utah, Washington. Despite some restraining effects
from Asia, the economy grew at a robust pace. Construction activity
and real estate markets remained vibrant, especially in California.
Manufacturing expanded despite reduced exports.

LOAD-DATE: May 07, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              91 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 15, 1998, Friday, FINAL EDITION

ON THE shelf

BYLINE: Deirdre Donahue; William F. Nicholson; Kevin Johnson; Kurt Jensen

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 14E

LENGTH: 639 words


BEST BET

Modesty about her parenting abilities is not what one might expect
from a best-selling writer and psychologist. Yet that is precisely
what Harriet Lerner delivers in The Mother Dance: How Children
Change Your Life , written and read by Lerner (Harper Audio, $ 18,
3 hours). The audiotape mixes Lerner's own family experiences
and observations drawn from Lerner's clients in therapy. She emphasizes
the importance of respect among family members and an open emotional
climate, but she makes it clear that control is something you
give up during pregnancy and never regain. Because she doesn't
offer easy answers, the tape has rare authenticity.


Deirdre Donahue

These is My Words: The Diary of Sarah Agnes Prine, 1881-1901 by
Nancy E. Turner (HarperCollins, $ 23): Sarah Prine endures many
hardships as she grows to maturity in this debut novel about frontier
life in the Arizona territories, including bandits, fire, flood,
Indian raids and attempted rape. But it is Jack Elliot, soldier
and Indian fighter, who confounds her. Jack and Sarah are as delicious
a couple as Rhett and Scarlett. The three-hankie ending to their
long love affair will definitely make you give a damn. Linda Mallon

Kalimantaan by C.S. Godshalk (Henry Holt and Company, $ 25): This
novel transports you to a jungle: the northern coast of Borneo
during the 19th century. Adventurous sometimes murderous Englishmen
and their women populate this beautifully written book. Gideon
Barr builds his colonial empire on blood, spices, mined metals
and opium. At the core, Kalimantaan is about love. Some characters
get it right. Many don't. Keeping track of characters can require
flipping back pages. But careful mining of the text is rewarded.
Stick with the book. It will touch you.

William F. Nicholson

One of Ours: Timothy McVeigh and the Oklahoma City Bombing by
Richard A. Serrano (Norton, $ 26.95): This book examines the transformation
of a carefree kid from upstate New York whose neighbors remember
him as the best baby sitter their children ever had. Serrano tracks
Timothy McVeigh into early adulthood, when he won respect as a
model soldier in the Persian Gulf War. But falling short of his
only real dream, a career in the Army's Special Forces, a bitterly
disappointed McVeigh set off "in search of himself." Everyone
now knows where that search led. From his vantage point as a Los
Angeles Times reporter covering the investigation and trial that
ended in a death sentence for McVeigh, Serrano provides context
to a twisted young life.

Kevin Johnson

Confederates in the Attic by Tony Horwitz, (Pantheon, $ 27.50):
Here's the perfect antidote for the Civil War overload of the
1990s: a sparkling and facile examination of the Civil War's lasting
culture of remembrance. The author, a Pulitzer Prize-winning national
correspondent of The Wall Street Journal, travels throughout the
South and knocks down some myths, but also turns in a serious
and balanced examination of the issues behind the shooting of
a white teen-ager in Kentucky by blacks angered by his display
of the Confederate battle flag. Not to be missed: the saga of
Horwitz's "Civil Wargasm" with a re-enactment group, historian
Shelby Foote's politically incorrect ruminations, and the real
story behind the last surviving Confederate widow. Kurt Jensen

ALSO ON AUDIO: Radio personality and author Dennis Prager offers
a cogent and thoughtful examination on why humans have a moral
obligation to be happy in his audiotape, Happiness is a Serious
Problem (HarperAudio, $ 18, 3 hours). Eschewing bromides and platitudes,
Prager explores the obstacles to finding joy. Himself religious,
Prager makes it clear that gratitude is an essential ingredient
for finding happiness.

Deirdre Donahue

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color

TYPE: BOOKS

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              92 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      May 22, 1998, Friday, FINAL EDITION

ON THE shelf

BYLINE: Don Waller; Deirdre Donahue; Bob Minzesheimer

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 8E

LENGTH: 499 words


BEST BET

Fast-paced and funny, About a Boy (Putnam, $ 22.95) is Nick
Hornby's finely tuned follow-up to High Fidelity, the acclaimed
1995 serio-comic story about what it means to be a pop music fan.

About a Boy continues the English writer's focus on the unexplored
lives of modern Londoners. Already a hot read in England, the
novel has been optioned for the screen by Robert De Niro.


Heir to the royalties from a novelty song, Boy's Will Lightman
has spent his entire adult life in pursuit of sub-zero hipness
and not much else. Now in his mid-30s, this resolute bachelor
finds himself pretending to be a single parent in order to meet
dazzling-looking divorcees.

Don Waller

Freedomland by Richard Price (Broadway, $ 25): In obvious
pain and shock, a young white woman staggers into a ghetto emergency
room. A black carjacker, she says. Then she remembers her 4-year-old
son was asleep in the back seat. While this ripped-from-the-headlines
plot provides the dramatic engine that drives Freedomland straight
into the hellish world of good intentions, author/ screenwriter
Richard Price's thematic concerns are greater than America's racial
divide. Although Price's rippling, muscular prose gives Freedomland
the shape of a thriller (and the film rights just went for a hot
$ 2 million), the heart and the art of the story is centered on
the concept of contrition. It's not the heat, it's the humanity
that gives Freedomland its power.

Don Waller

Modesty about her parenting abilities is not what one might expect
from a best-selling writer and psychologist. Yet that is precisely
what Harriet Lerner delivers in The Mother Dance: How Children
Change Your Life, written and read by Lerner (Harper Audio,
$ 18, 3 hours)

The audio tape mixes Lerner's own experiences raising two boys
with her husband and observations drawn from Lerner's clients
in therapy. She emphasizes the importance of respect among family
members and an open emotional climate, but she makes it clear
that control is something you give up during pregnancy and never
regain. Because she doesn't offer easy answers, the tape has rare
authenticity.

Deirdre Donahue

A Widow for One Year by John Irving (Random House, $ 27.95):
As he has before, John Irving populates his ninth novel with characters
who are novelists. And while there are novels within the novel,
this is no self-absorbed roman a clef. A sprawling, complex, 537-page
family history, A Widow for One Year will appeal to readers who
like old-fashioned story-telling mixed with modern sensitivities.
Wisely and carefully crafted, it is a novel about grief, the kind
that lingers, and about families, the ones we're born into and
ones we make for ourselves. Irving is among the few novelists
who can write a novel about grief and fill it with ribald humor
soaked in irony. And as a bonus, he opens a window on how the
best novelists invent a world of their own.

Bob Minzesheimer

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color

TYPE: BOOKS

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              98 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    September 4, 1998, Friday, FINAL EDITION

OTHER ISSUES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 586 words


In 1996, a late rapprochement between President Clinton and congressional
Republicans brought compromise on welfare and immigration reform,
health insurance transferability for workers changing jobs and
a minimum wage increase. That cast an aura of success over what
had been a contentious Congress. It also helped the president
and the House and Senate majorities to re-election.


No such scenario seems likely this fall. President Clinton's wounded
condition has Democrats on the defensive. House and Senate leaders
feel emboldened to insist on their own priorities. That means
showdowns could occur on a broad range of issues, including some
that have not figured prominently in the campaign to date.

-- Guns: The Brady law's five-day waiting period for handgun
purchases, an achievement of Clinton's first term, expires in
November. Democrats have proposed an extension, but the restrictions
are unpopular with gunowners' rights advocates, who are influential
with the majority Republicans in Congress. The issue gives both
parties a chance to charge up hardcore supporters.

-- Farms: Farm state members have taken to the floor this
summer to remind colleagues that agriculture has not shared in
the nation's general prosperity of late. Amendments attached to
the agriculture appropriations bill would give farmers emergency
relief from the devastating consequences of drought, other bad
weather caused by El Nino and plummeting commodity prices caused
by topsy-turvy currency conditions in Asia. Without that emergency
aid, incumbents from these states would be in jeopardy.

-- Trade: Congress defeated renewal of Clinton's "fast-track"
trading authority in 1997. Fast-track allows the president to
negotiate trade treaties for Congress to approve or disapprove
without amendment. The bipartisan coalition that prevailed last
year seems intact, and not many voters are clamoring for new trade
agreements, especially given the rising tide of imports from Asia.

-- Minimum wage: Senate Democrats are pushing a vote to
increase minimum wage. Although this issue brought the parties
together in 1996, Republican leaders have never supported it in
principle and see no special political pressure to relent on the
issue now.

-- Gays: Clinton's effort to admit gays in the military
was a potent issue when Republicans seized their first majority
of Southern House seats in 1994. But this year, when an effort
was made to rescind Clinton's executive order on gays in the federal
civilian workforce, a substantial number of Republicans sided
with most Democrats in rejecting it. Some candidates still will
raise the issue of either "gay rights" or "the homosexual agenda,"
but usually not in competitive districts.

-- Juvenile crime: Crime bills were once a staple of election-year
legislative agendas. But this year, with crime rates down, the
major crime legislation focused on juvenile programs and penalties.
Efforts to tie in school violence have not raised the bill to
national prominence, however. A House-passed bill is pending in
the Senate, where it's certain to face filibuster.

-- Environment: Democrats are eager to address climate
change and global warming concerns, but Republicans question the
reliability of the underpinning theories. Democrats also are seeking
ways to make use of voter anxiety about overdevelopment and urban
sprawl, while Republicans press the rights of property owners
against government regulation.


LOAD-DATE: September 04, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              99 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 11, 1998, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Why is the market so crazy? Just about anything can set off global financial
system's hair-trigger

BYLINE: David Rynecki

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1252 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Weeks of stock market fluctuations, highlighted by a roller coaster
ride Thursday that ended with a 249-point plunge in the Dow Jones
industrials, have replaced bull market confidence with anxiety
over a financial torture test.

The Dow is 18% below its July 17 record high, and investors can't
seem to figure out if stocks should rise or fall. In the past
two weeks, the average has registered drops of 357 points and
513 points matched by rebounds of 288 points and 381 points. Intraday
moves have left Wall Street in disbelief with shifts that are
unusual even in percentage terms.

"After 15 years in the business, I feel like a pilot who has
been in a simulator and is now experiencing a real tornado,"
says Mike Weiner, portfolio manager at Banc One Investment Advisors.


Stocks are rising and falling at a pace not seen in more than
a decade. Consider:

-- The average daily gyration in the Standard & Poor's 500
since the July 17 market peak has been roughly 50% bigger than
the average between 1990 and 1996, says Paul Cherney, analyst
at S&P's Marketscope.

-- The New York Stock Exchange says its collar on electronic
trading when the Dow moves 50 points has been triggered 156 out
of 174 days -- above the 1997 pace. More serious curbs on program
trading, known as "sidecars," have been enacted 38 times so
far this year compared with 37 times for all of 1997. Sidecars
don't kick in until the S&P futures have moved at least 1.2%,
at current market levels.

-- The past two weeks have been especially bad. Since Aug. 26,
the Dow's daily change has averaged 3%.

Why the sudden volatility? The answer is a confluence of political,
economic and structural developments -- escalated by the rapid-fire
investment decisions of sophisticated institutional investors
-- have shifted emotions almost daily.

No one group is at fault. The reality is that for the first time
this decade investors are experiencing prolonged volatility generated
from a global financial system that reacts vigorously to events
from the Kremlin to the White House and is largely out of their
control.

Dual threats converge

Investors never like uncertainty, and questions have grown in
two significant areas -- corporate profits and political stability.

Wednesday and Thursday, for example, one of the big reasons for
the market's slide was news that the report on Ken Starr's investigation
of President Clinton may lead to impeachment proceedings.

Meanwhile, companies across an array of U.S. industries have said
that their earnings won't live up to Wall Street expectations
-- at least partly because of weak foreign economies. High-profile
companies ranging from Merrill Lynch to Procter & Gamble to
DuPont have been among those issuing warnings.

"The problem is we've got many more questions than answers,"
says Thomas Galvin, strategist at Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette.
"We've got an ocean of negativity out there, and people are overwhelmed."

Tricks of the traders

And that makes the market susceptible to the many different powerful
forces that can sway stock prices in an instant. Never before
have there been so many ways to move in and out of markets.

Futures and options allow sophisticated investors, primarily large
institutions and hedge funds, to bet the market's course. If portfolio
managers think the market is going up, for example, they will
purchase futures of the S&P 500 on the Chicago Mercantile
Exchange. Traders in New York can see what is happening to S&P
futures and use that information to trade stocks.

Just look at Thursday. Trading opened in New York with a cold
downdraft from plunging prices for S&P futures. The contract
opened down 2.1% from Wednesday's close and quickly slammed prices
for the actual stocks in the index. Even with curbs on electronic
trading under way at the opening bell, the Dow lost more than
250 points, or 3.2%, in just 30 minutes.

Volatility also is heightened by massive computerized program
trades executed either in Chicago or New York. Those trades involve
baskets of 15 or more stocks worth at least $ 1 million and can
alter market conditions quickly because of their concentrated
nature.

The NYSE says program trading accounted for 19.2% of daily volume
on all markets from Aug. 31 to Sept. 4, an increase from 18.5%
the previous week.

Individuals also now are taking advantage of new financial products
that allow them to jump in and out of the market at a moment's
notice. They can purchase S&P's Depositary Receipts known
as SPDRs and Diamonds, which are based on the Dow. Both allow
investors essentially to buy or sell the indexes, essentially
betting on the market's direction. Volume in SPDRs jumped 174%
in August from the previous year, and Diamonds, introduced in
January, have shown a steady volume increase.

Hedging their bets

Bankers say chaos has been triggered largely by the "global margin
call" that erupted in he wake of the Russian financial crisis.
Hedge funds and big global banks started losing money on their
Russian debt and had to come up with money they had borrowed from
lenders to buy that debt. That forced them to sell other emerging
market stocks and bonds.

"It's called deleveraging, and it's an ugly word," says Desmond
Lachman, emerging markets strategist at Salomon Smith Barney.

An investing revolution

In many respects, the sheer size of the investment community,
the growth of stock indexes and lower trading costs have created
volatility regardless the political or economic climate, says
Robert Stovall, president of Stovall/Twenty-First Advisers.

NYSE volume in 1975, the year fixed commissions on trading were
eliminated, averaged 22 million shares a day.

Activity has multiplied as trading costs have dropped and millions
of investors, particularly the influx of 401(k) retirement money
and foreign money, have been added to the market. Average daily
volume this year is 645 million shares.

Never been there before

A generation of professional and individual investors has never
experienced anything like this. Indeed, millions of new players
entered the market during the last four years of 20%-plus gains
under the assumption that stocks only rise. And only the rare
money manager these days was employed during the bear market of
the 1970s or even the 1987 crash.

Professor Junius Peake at the University of Northern Colorado
complains that mutual fund managers who came into the business
during the past 10 years tend to come from the same business schools
where they learned the same strategies under the same professors.
When market sentiment shifts, they follow one another because
that's the way they were trained. "I've argued for years that
the two animals that represent Wall Street should not be bulls
and bears but pigs and sheep," he says.

The irony is that lately the market is actually returning to its
historical average volatility, S&P's Cherney says. Between
1962 and 1997, the market was actually as volatile as it has been
the last month. Investors were lulled by the years 1990 to 1996,
when swings were at a minimum.

Even so, market veterans are not enjoying their jobs as much.
"In the context of history, this will stand out as one of the
more volatile periods," says Charles Crane, strategist at Key
Asset Management.

Contributing: David Henry, James Kim, Thor Valdmanis

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Julie Stacey, USA TODAY, Source: Bloomberg Business
News

TYPE: COVER STORY

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              104 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   October 7, 1998, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Moscow's new spirit still thrives

BYLINE: Barbara Slavin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 16A

LENGTH: 826 words


Banners still stretch across Moscow's broad boulevards as they
did in socialist days.

But they no longer urge workers to overfulfill a Five-Year Plan
or hail the Communist Party.

Instead, like one hanging recently near Red Square, they embrace
a different future: "The Third National Symposium on Mary Kay
Cosmetics."

Russia is in the throes of an economic crisis that has reawakened
a national tendency toward gloom and introspection.


Tens of thousands of trade unionists and Communist Party members
are expected to stage a protest today, but with Communists now
part of the government, it's unclear what the demonstration is
meant to achieve.

The Communists are not what they used to be, and neither is much
else. An American returning to Moscow for the first time since
Leonid Brezhnev's "era of stagnation," feels a lot like Rip
Van Winkle. For the most part, this capital, drab and confining
under the Soviet Union, has changed for the better.

The government snooping and control, the propagandistic news media
and the grayness of urban life have vanished. But so, too, have
the security of a guaranteed, if low, standard of living and the
feeling that Russia was a model and a force in the world.

"You've come to a different country," says Dima Makarovsky,
58, an actor in children's theater who drives foreigners to the
airport to supplement a monthly salary now worth about $ 50. "In
the West, everything is organized, regulated. Here, the devil
knows what will happen every day."

Many changes are double-edged. In Moscow's posh new hotels, so-called
key ladies no longer sit at desks on each floor, stopping Russians
from entering foreigners' rooms. Instead, in the new Marriott
Grand Hotel, burly security men in blue blazers and striped ties
patrol the floors to make sure guests are secure.

Street crime in Moscow, which has a population of 10 million,
is no worse and probably less than in Western cities of equivalent
size. But nearly every successful business, from dry cleaners
to clothing stores, must pay protection money to gangs of former
KGB officers or mafiosi from the Caucasian republics to the south.

Russians who once strained to hear Radio Free Europe through incessant
jamming now pick and choose among a huge variety of newspapers
and TV channels, including CNN and, more recently, MTV in Russian.

If they have the money, they can buy the best imported Italian
fashions, dine at excellent Russian, Thai or Mexican restaurants
or go to nightclubs featuring groups with names like Drugly Cats,
Metal Corrosion and Mr. Smoyk.

Gay people, once harassed and imprisoned, have their own clubs,
including a place called Chance where scantily clad "mermen"
swim about in fish tanks.

For those who lack the funds or inclination, there is still the
quiet satisfaction in seeing their city, gray and foreboding under
communism, sparkle after a massive face lift last year for Moscow's
850th anniversary. Many neoclassical buildings are painted in
pastels, conveying a Mediterranean warmth despite the chilly climate.

On sunny days, children skate on Rollerblades in a new park outside
the Kremlin, now as in medieval times the seat of Russian power.
Underneath the park lies a new shopping mall named Plaza, where
young Russians are still conspicuously consuming despite the bad
economic news.

Mayor Yuri Luzhkov, 62, a powerful if controversial figure reminiscent
of the late boss of Chicago, Mayor Richard J. Daley, confirmed
last week that he is running for president in 2000. Many political
analysts rate his chances as better than the other major contender,
Krasnoyarsk Governor and former general Alexander Lebed.

Luzhkov, a short, stout man who usually wears a leather cap, is
positioning himself as the standard-bearer of the left wing. He
assumes that many Russians blame free-market reformers for the
economic crisis.

But disillusionment is already growing with a month-old government,
a mishmash of leftists, centrists and a few token reformers. It
has yet to produce a coherent economic plan.

Despite a certain nostalgia, especially among the older generation,
and the current difficult times, it is hard to imagine Russia
returning to the ways of the old Soviet Union.

"In Russia, tens of millions of people have accepted democracy,
the free-market and an open society," says Vladimir Ryzhkov,
the first deputy speaker of the Duma, the lower house of Russia's
parliament. At 32, he is a leading member of an ascendant political
generation. "These millions will not be able to live in a country
with a totalitarian government or a planned economy. The American
people should know that we will do our utmost for the past not
to come back."

Foreign affairs reporter Barbara Slavin was an exchange student
in the Soviet Union in 1972. She returned last month for the first
time in 24 years.

LOAD-DATE: October 07, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Mikhail Metzel, AP; PHOTO, B/W, AP; PHOTO, B/W, Sergey
Chirikov, AFP

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              106 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 3, 1998, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Right's big tent is looking smaller

BYLINE: DeWayne Wickham

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 718 words


This is the beginning of the end for the Republican Party of Jerry
Falwell and Ralph Reed.

The conservative Christians, who hijacked control of the party
of Abraham Lincoln during the presidency of Ronald Reagan, are
losing their hold on the GOP. For nearly two decades, the mullahs
of the religious right have dictated the thinking of Republican
lawmakers.

Using their pulpit as a political stump -- and their evangelical
beliefs as a litmus test for GOP office seekers -- they have effectively
altered the political landscape. Under their reign, social dogma
replaced economic policy as the driving concern of conservative
Republican politicians, who found it easier to waffle on their
opposition to tax hikes than to give ground on their stance against
abortion.


But in this election year, the signs of change are everywhere.

Ellen Sauerbrey, the once staunchly conservative Maryland Republican,
cozied up to organized labor and softened her opposition to abortion
to draw within reach of Democrat Parris Glendening in that state's
race for governor.

In Connecticut, incumbent Republican Gov. John Rowland dramatically
boosted his once-sagging standing in the polls -- and his chance
of re-election -- by shedding his conservative shell and revealing
support for abortion rights and opposition to school vouchers.

And New York Sen. Al D'Amato, the staunchly conservative Republican
who in 1993 angered religious fundamentalists when he gave a floor
speech supporting homosexuals in the military, widened the breach
recently: He aggressively courted -- and received -- the endorsement
of The Human Rights Campaign -- the nation's largest gay and lesbian
organization.

Why have these conservative Republicans taken such positions?

Because it's becoming increasingly difficult for them to win elected
office if voters see them as handmaidens of the religious right.
The emergence of other swing-voting blocs -- suburban women, homosexuals
and Hispanics -- has caused many Republicans to move away from
the uncompromising dictums of right-wing Christians.

That's good news.

Just as liberal Democrats learned the folly of left-wing extremism
in the 1980s, socially conservative Republicans are now coming
to understand that close alignment with the unyielding views of
the religious right will push voters into the arms of their opponents.

Battle for pro-family label

A New York Times/CBS News Poll released over the weekend,
offered clear evidence of such a shift. When asked "which party
cares more about people like yourself," Democrats got the nod
over Republicans by nearly 2 to 1. Fifty percent said Democrats
"better understand the needs and problems of families," while
only 28% said Republicans do. That's a startling put-down for
the GOP, which has long claimed to hold the American family in
higher regard than Democrats. They were misled in this belief
by their religious-right backers.

Most voters reject extremism of both the secular and religious
kind. Socially conservative Republicans' close identification
with Christian fundamentalists puts them squarely in the radical
column, a classification they are now trying to shake off. More
and more Republicans are recasting themselves as social moderates,
opening up the chance that African-Americans and other traditional
Democrats might cross over to vote for them.

In such a changing political climate, the religious right will
be the big loser.

Retreat of fundamentalists

The political influence of fundamentalists is on the decline in
most regions of the country. Only in the South, which also clung
to segregation until the bitter end, do they still dominate the
political scene.

In New York, they are losing ground to gays and lesbians. In Texas
and California, they are being pushed aside by Hispanic voters.
In Kansas and Nebraska, the Republican candidates for governor
moved toward the political center and away from the religious
right.

This is good news for the GOP, which was once the nation's leading
symbol of tolerance and diversity.

By freeing themselves from the vise grip of evangelicals, conservative
Republicans will pull themselves back from the political tundra
and closer to the American mainstream.

LOAD-DATE: November 03, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, John Duricka, AP; Alfonse D'Amato: Moving away from
religious right.

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              107 of 109 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 12, 1998, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Argentina, Kazakhstan bolster global warming pact

BYLINE: Traci Watson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 332 words


In a victory for the White House, Argentina and Kazakhstan have
agreed to limit their emissions of the pollutants that cause global
warming.

As the first developing nations to adopt such limits, both countries
had to resist major pressure from other developing countries.

The agreements came Wednesday in Buenos Aires, Argentina, where
delegates from 160 countries are meeting to work out the details
of a global warming treaty written in 1997 in Kyoto, Japan.


The treaty requires richer nations to limit their emissions of
greenhouse gases, produced by using fossil fuels. Most scientists
blame these gases for global warming.

But the treaty doesn't require developing countries to limit greenhouse
gases, angering U.S. companies and lawmakers. The Senate has to
approve the treaty before it takes effect in the USA.

The Buenos Aires talks have been hampered by disagreement between
the United States and the "G-77," the negotiating bloc of developing
countries. U.S. diplomats have been pushing developing nations
to limit their greenhouse-gas emissions; developing nations have
strongly resisted.

Argentina, as a loyal U.S. ally and host of the conference, came
under especially intense U.S. pressure to limit its emissions.
It also came under heavy G-77 pressure not to agree to limits.

Both Kazakhstan, formerly part of the Soviet Union, and Argentina
may face consequences at the meeting and later for their action.
Relations between Argentina and Brazil, which opposed its move,
might be chilled by the news.

"It was a brave and farsighted move for these countries to .
. . move forward," said Annie Petsonk of the Environmental Defense
Fund.

Stuart Eizenstat, the lead U.S. negotiator in Buenos Aires, applauded
the decision. But others said Argentina's move does not go far
enough. "It's a voluntary commitment, and we don't even know
what it is," said Sen. Chuck Hagel, R-Neb., an outspoken opponent
of the Kyoto treaty.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, AFP

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.
