
                               1 of 23 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            January 4, 2000, Tuesday

'TEMP'ORARY SPRING ; COLD BACK TONIGHT AFTER HIGHS IN 60S

BYLINE: PAULA DONEMAN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 011

LENGTH: 456 words


New Yorkers will get another terrific taste of spring today as Mother Nature
continues her positively balmy behavior.

Temperatures are again expected to reach the mid-60s -- weather we shouldn't get
until late March or early April.

But don't get used to it -- winter's about to come roaring back. The arrival of
a cold front tonight will end the spring-like temperatures.

Yesterday's peak temperature of 63 -- an astounding 21 degrees above normal --
set a record. At 2 p.m., the mercury inched past the old 62-degree record set in
1997.

The unseasonably high temps are due to a warm front that settled in the New York
metropolitan area over the weekend, National Weather Service meteorologist
George Klein said. But big changes are ahead.

Scattered showers, fog and a possible thunderstorm might accompany the warm and
humid conditions today as a cold front in the Midwest moves east.

"A cold front should come through sometime tonight or Wednesday morning that
will bring an end to the warm weather," Klein said.

"It will bring back seasonal temperatures with highs in the upper 30s and lows
in the mid-20s."

Any good news, George?

"Well, there is no sign of snow at this time," he said.

With winter banished temporarily yesterday, New Yorkers were out and about.

Andrew Lerner, 34, had a day out with his 18-month-old son, Matthew, in Central
Park's Ancient Playground at Fifth Avenue and East 84th Street.

"It's a beautiful day. It's not something we usually do this time of the year
because it's too cold," said Lerner, who lives on the Upper East Side.

Free-lance makeup artist Ziggi Berger enjoyed his coffee sitting outside a cafe
on Columbus Avenue on the Upper West Side.

"This is very unusual for this time of the year. Usually, I'll just stay home or
go to the movies or museum," he said.

A Metropolitan Museum of Art worker on a break was a bit unnerved by it.

"I like snow, and I think as we usher in the new year, we are seeing a preview
of the greenhouse effect," said the woman, who declined to give her name.

But Klein said people shouldn't blame global warming. "We get warm and cold
throughout winter. Yeah, it's a bit unusual, no question about it. But you
cannot blame global warming."


LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: IT MIGHT AS WELL BE...A couple enjoys a jog in the spring-like weather
as an in-line skater whizzes past at West and Barrow streets in the Village
yesterday -- a day that felt more like April than January.Helayne Seidman
IN LU OF WINTER:Lulu, an English bulldog, plays a unusual game of catch with her
owner, Jay Bernstein, yesterday in Washington Square Park.Helayne Seidman

IT'S WHAT MONTH? Construction worker Fali Arapi (left) enjoys the T-shirt
weather.Helayne Seidman

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               2 of 23 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            October 22, 2000, Sunday

PUTTING THE FOOT ON THE GAS: IT'S THE ENVIRONMENT , STUPID!

BYLINE: Dick Morris

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 021

LENGTH: 968 words


Day 1: Energy

Down by two to five points in everybody's poll, the debates he was supposed to
win already over, outgunned financially, what's Al Gore to do?

The man needs an issue. He's lost the battle of character and the duel of
personality. America would rather have George W. Bush as president. But they
agree more with Gore. What Al needs is an issue so clear and so important that
he can make voters turn down the more popular candidate and vote for him.

The environment, the issue that brung him, is Gore's way back into this race.
Voters under 45 put the environment way up top among their list of concerns.
Polls indicate they deeply believe that global warming, climate change, and
ozone depletion threaten their futures as intimately and directly as nuclear
weapons darkened the lives of their parents.

Gore, the original environmentalist, should talk about the rash of floods,
hurricanes, tornadoes, droughts, El Ninos, mudslides, and other climatic
disasters which routinely sweep through the world.

He should point to famines in areas that once had adequate rainfall for
abundance. He needs to focus on how people in southern Chile cannot go outside
during the day because of the cancer risk posed by ozone depletion.

Al Gore needs to bring home the obvious changes in global climate and point to
the threats they pose to our futures on this planet. Evoking religious themes,
Gore should stress that we own this world as trustees and that it is our duty to
the One who created it to be good stewards and good caretakers.

Younger voters readily grasp the need for hybrid cars which can get 80 miles per
gallon by running on electric batteries which are continually recharged en route
by gasoline engines. They will understand the importance of curbing fossil fuel
emissions and will readily embrace a candidate who campaigns on a vision.

Al Gore is basing his campaign on a bunch of details he calls issues.

Does he really think that the fine print on his prescription drug benefit plan
is so much more compelling than that on Bush's that it will allow him to win the
election? Does he really believe that the details of his tax cut plan as opposed
to Bush's offer enough traction for a race for the White House?

Everybody who has watched the debates has heard him say endlessly that half of
the benefit of Bush's plan goes to the richest one percent. But he's still
behind. Does he think we didn't hear him the first ten times he said it?

The environment offers the clearest distinction between him and Bush. Bush is
nowhere on the environment. He questions whether there is global warming and
wonders if we can do anything about it. He asks for more scientific proof.

By the time he gets it, the sea level will have risen to the point where
millions will be out of their homes and climate change will have made famine
even more widespread.

More to the point, it will take decades to turn around the existing
environmental degradation. Now that it is obvious that ozone depletion is
spreading to inhabited areas, we are grateful that more than ten years ago
Bush's father signed the treaties to reverse the process. But these changes in
emissions will not begin to reverse ozone depletion for at least another ten
years. You can't hurry solar chemistry.

Gore needs to leave behind his former affection for energy taxes. Voters will
readily grasp that with the budget surplus, one can offer all the incentives
that are needed through tax cuts not tax increases. Offer a $10,000 rebate on
the purchase of hybrid cars and see how fast they sell.

Gore became a national figure because of the environmental issue. It is now
time, as his political career hangs in the balance to return to this issue and
pound away at it. It's the only way he can win the presidency.


LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The future of nuclear power and other environmental issues loom large.

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               3 of 23 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            October 13, 2000, Friday

RUDY'S POLLSTER HELPS RICK TALK A GOOD GAME

BYLINE: Robert Hardt Jr. and Gregg Birnbaum

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 022

LENGTH: 434 words


RICK LAZIO seems to be following the free advice of Frank Luntz, Mayor
Giuliani's pollster.

A magazine article in The New Yorker details Luntz's work with "Word Labs," in
which he teaches Republican pols how to make their language more voter-friendly.

Lazio employs several of Luntz's key phrases on the campaign trail, most notably
calling school vouchers "opportunity scholarships."

Some Luntz-generated terms that Lazio uses on his Web site include:

* "Tax relief" instead of "tax cuts."

* "Global climate change" instead of "global warming."

* Defense Department instead of Pentagon.

Lazio also likes to echo Luntz's central attack against Hillary Rodham Clinton,
saying voters can't name a single thing the first lady has done for the people
of New York.

*

Don't try to read Hillary's mail!

Campaign Buzz got the cold shoulder from the White House this week when, under
the Freedom of Information Act, we made a formal request to see some of the
first lady's official correspondence to government agencies.

Because Hillary has tried to take credit for some of the successes of her
husband's administration, we thought it might be interesting to see what she's
put in writing over the last few months.

But Meredith Cabe, associate counsel to the president, informed us that "the
president's immediate personal staff and units in the Executive Office of the
President" aren't considered agencies covered by the FOIA law.

*

Following the Columbus Day parade, Hillary made an unscheduled stop at the
Madonia Brothers Bakery on Arthur Avenue in The Bronx.

Clinton first visited the bakery while she was campaigning with her husband in
1992. She liked it so much that she's stayed in touch with owner Peter Madonia
ever since.

Hillary got a nice surprise from the bakery just last week, before she addressed
the Empire State Pride Agenda in Manhattan.

"I was in a holding room with Andrew Cuomo and Chuck Schumer and, all of a
sudden out of nowhere, somebody comes in with a bag of stuff from Peter, and we
all sat and ate his pizza bread," she said.

*

The anti-Hillary Web sites keep on coming.

The latest Internet assault on Hillary (www.hillnousa.com) was launched this
week by Frank Diaz-Balart, a New York entrepreneur.

The site sells CDs, hats and an assortment of anti-Clinton T-shirts including a
"Travelgate Hillary" model and a "Cattle Futures Hillary."

Diaz-Balart says he's the cousin of Rep. Lincoln Diaz-Balart (R-Fla.), but the
congressman's office wouldn't confirm that, despite repeated calls.


LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: RICK LAZIO Best advice comes free.

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               4 of 23 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                              July 2, 2000, Sunday

NO MORE PLAYING KETCHUP : AFTER HEINZ, TONY O'REILLY'S STRATEGY LOOKS CRYSTAL
CLEAR

BYLINE: Evelyn Nussenbaum

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 058

LENGTH: 1101 words


TONY O'Reilly lives large.

He is the chairman of three companies: ketchup giant H.J. Heinz, Waterford
Wedgwood crystal, and Britain's Independent News & Media.

He is the majority shareholder in an Irish mining company, a hotel chain and a
string of supermarkets.

He is a billionaire.

He collects big, important art. He recently made headlines around the world when
he paid a staggering $24 million for a Monet painting of Rouen Cathedral.

He has big-name friends, including Nelson Mandela and Henry Kissinger.

He is highly educated, with a law degree and a Ph.D. in Agricultural marketing.

He's got homes in Normandy, the Bahamas and his native Ireland.

He's also produced six children.

Yet the man who has described himself as a "maximalist" - famous for his
relentless drive and wildly divergent interests - describes his motivation in
pretty simple terms.

"I suppose you do (the work) for the economic salvation that getting to a safe
harbor will get you to," he told The Post.

"Then for the honor and the glory. And then for your kids. My kids give me
energy."

He warms more to the topic of his "bonnie babies" - his grandchildren -
chuckling as he described how one toddler invited him to his own house in Lyford
Cay.

He sounds like the ultimate doting grandfather. And at 64, he's done enough
living and working to justify taking it easy.

He will step down from Heinz's chairmanship in September. (He was the company's
CEO until two years ago.)

But he's hardly getting ready for an extended vacation. He's actually gearing up
to turn Waterford Wedgwood - the tony Irish crystal and ceramics maker - into an
international luxury goods conglomerate.

He's already brought the upscale American cookware maker All-Clad and the
ceramics maker Rosenthal into the group.

O'Reilly says he's now looking for two or three good acquisitions that will make
Waterford Wedgwood group "the best of the best in the world."

He told The Post he's ready to spend between $200 and $500 million for each, and
can put the financing in place if he needs more.

O'Reilly sent news organizations into a tizzy last week, after mentioning that
he might bid for the leather goods maker Coach and Mannesman's watch unit LMH.

He says he's actively considering a number of other companies as well, but won't
disclose them.

O'Reilly is motivated partly by pride of ownership; he owns roughly a third of
Waterford Wedgwood.

"It's different to be an owner than a hired gun," he said.

"I loved Heinz. But we're a family company at Waterford Wedgwood."

He is also driven by a more practical concern - the desire to move its stock
price. Waterford Wedgwood has been moving up this year, but it is still worth
less than it was two years ago.

And O'Reilly has clearly taken a good look at the fat profits of Gucci and LVMH,
two companies he frequently mentions when he talks about his plans.

"We're interested in time pieces and leather goods," he said.

"I would say we're not really interested in pure fashion, because it's too
ephemeral."

Just in case Waterford Wedgwood doesn't keep him busy enough, O'Reilly will also
be working on Independent News & Media - another business of which he owns a
third and describes as a family business.

Independent News already owns 160 newspapers in Britain, Ireland, News Zealand
and South Africa - including London's Independent, the company flagship.

O'Reilly is now adding Web and broadband services, aiming to turn the group into
an information powerhouse.

The British company has also seen its stock price move this year, but is still
trading below its peak in August 1997.

O'Reilly also continues to invest considerable time and money in the Ireland
Fund, which has raised millions of dollars to promote peace in Northern Ireland.

But his restless mind has not always served him. He was dogged by criticism that
he was inattentive to Heinz in the second half of his tenure, which obscured his
tremendous successes in the first.

He took control of Heinz in 1979, and is credited with turning it into a
high-flying, global food juggernaut. Under his leadership, Heinz consistently
wrung double-digit earnings from supposedly mature businesses such as ketchup,
canned tuna and cat food.

He made a dozen acquisitions, including Weight Watchers International.

But in the early 90's, when Heinz took hits from currency fluctuations, price
pressures in the food business and weakness in Weight Watchers, some took
O'Reilly to task.

There was muttering about too much time spent on his outside businesses,
including his newspaper group - and too little at Heinz's Pittsburgh
headquarters.

"I was never thrilled that Tony had so many balls in the air," said Prudential's
John McMillan, a longtime follower of Heinz.

"The one time I asked him publicly how he could do it all, he answered, 'I don't
play golf.' It's funny, but he really thought on his feet, because he knew I did
play golf."

But O'Reilly did more than joke.

He insisted that his "total management commitment" was to Heinz.

And to prove it, he delayed his planned retirement, vowing to stay until the
company was fixed. He cut costs, instituting massive layoffs and ultimately
turned the CEO reigns over to his handpicked successor, William Johnson.

Heinz stock is climbing again, but is still well below its peak.

Johnson insists that O'Reilly's myriad interests are an advantage, "giving him a
broad perspective essential to global leadership."

They definitely make him a engaging conversationalist.

He moves easily from profit margins in the ceramics business, to the light in
France, to Irish painters. One of his goals, he says, is to let the world know
that Ireland has painters as great as its poets and writers.

Air-conditioning is another favorite topic - he considers it to be one of the
20th century's greatest inventions.

And while he's investing in the Internet, he's still a bit skeptical, saying he
hasn't yet figured out who will make money from it.

"The greatest browser is not (Sun Microsystem's Scott) McNealy's," he insists.

"It's a newspaper and a cup of coffee. So you and I will both have jobs for the
next 10 years."

Personal profileName: Tony O'ReillyJob: Chairman, Waterford Wedgwood, H.J.
Heinz, and Independent News & MediaAge: 64Family: Married, six childrenLives:
IrelandEducation: Belvedere College, Incorporated Law Society of Ireland, Ph.D.
University of BradfordHobbies: Art collecting


LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILLING HIS PLATE: Tony O'Reilly is on the prowl for acquisitions for
Waterford Wedgwood.Ismael Roldan

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               5 of 23 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           August 30, 2000, Wednesday

THE GRAY LADY'S ALL WET

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 044

LENGTH: 330 words


Massive fears that man-made global warming has melted the polar ice cap at the
top of the world are way overblown and unjustified.

How do we know?

Why, The New York Times says so.

Of course, it was a front-page story in the very same paper back on Aug. 19 that
prompted those fears in the first place.

As the Times reported then, scientists on a mission to the North Pole recently
discovered - to their horror - that an ice-free patch of water a mile wide now
covers the pole.

Indeed, the Times noted breathlessly, "The last time scientists can be certain
that the pole was awash in water was more than 50 million years ago."

Well, not exactly.

As The Times itself admitted yesterday - in a much more modestly placed
follow-up article - "during a typical summer, 90 percent of the high Arctic
region is covered with ice, with the remaining 10 percent open water."

Moreover, the piece conceded, "this has probably been true for centuries."

A simple glance at history would confirm this. As S. Fred Singer, former
director of the U.S. Weather Satellite Service, wrote in the Wall Street Journal
Monday, the Arctic climate was so warm 1,000 years ago that "Vikings settled
Greenland and grew crops there for a few centuries."

Indeed, wrote Singer, "after a long summer of 24-hour days, it is not unusual to
find open leads [of water] all over the place" at the North Pole.

So why all the fuss? Because a couple of scientists with a definite agenda saw
an opportunity to advance the discredited - but very politically correct -
notion that humans are irreparably destroying the environment.

And The New York Times fell for it.

Fortunately, the Times' science section has at least partially undone the damage
perpetrated in the news section.

So now the world knows - as Dr. Mark Serreze of the National Snow and Ice Data
Center puts it - that "there's nothing to be necessarily alarmed about."

What a relief.


LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Come on in, the water's fine.

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               6 of 23 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            March 23, 2000, Thursday

STOP ALL STICK SCHTICK

BYLINE: Mark Everson

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 073

LENGTH: 868 words


SEVERE suspensions, such as Scott Niedermayer's 10-gamer, won't stop the
stick-swinging.

It won't stop until the stick is no longer regarded as a legitimate defensive
tool. Players allowed to use their sticks in wrongful ways will continue to
stretch those non-limits, and these crackdowns will do little. They will play
on, eventually on each other's heads.

"A player has to be held accountable for striking an opponent on the head with
his stick," NHL VP Colin Campbell said. "We are determined to eliminate the
irresponsible use of the stick from our game."

If he's serious, he has to start a lot further down the dirt road than this.
Stick-swinging has its deepest roots in a style that has allowed the stick to
become a tool. That stick is used for restraining opponents as a matter of
course, a tactic that is now taught as a fundamental at the youngest levels, no
matter how it violates the rules of the sport. The facemasked child is told
"give him the stick," and when he hesitates, knowing right from wrong even at a
tender age, is told again. It is the first weeding-out of hockey players, those
who will disregard their conscience from those who won't. The won'ts stop
playing, and those who have overcome their consciences will find it easier to do
so again on the next downward rung. We should be weeding out those coaches, but
they're only emulating the Big Boys, providing the sort of players the NHL
rewards.

In this general order, stick fouls follow a descent into brutality from tripping
to hooking to crosschecking to slashing to butt-ending to high-sticking to
spearing. After the first step on that descending journey, the next isn't much
of a step-down. It is a slippery slope that leads to carelessness and,
eventually, downright deliberate hatchetry.

The restraining hook is part of the game now, and as refs use their discretion
on what would be a continuous parade of penalties, that wrongful use of the
stick becomes tacitly approved. The trip is another seemingly innocuous stick
foul that opens the door to using the stick for a purpose other than playing the
puck. A couple of stick shoves lead to genuine crosschecks, then to swings and
to deserved black eyes for the game.

If the NHL is serious about halting the stickwork, it must halt all stickwork
other than on the puck. For a trip, or a hook, or a slash, or any laying-on of
lumber on any body part, for use of the stick on something other than the puck,
intentional or not, the call must be automatic and severe, a three-minute major,
and score five if you can. If the trainer's attention is required, a five-minute
major, whether intentional or not. Automatic. Every time. Thirty a night at the
start, and, sorry fans, but you'll like it much better soon.

There is another matter that needs attention, too. The old criterion of having
only one hand on the stick when delivering a body check must return. It is now
standard practice to deliver hits with the stick held across the body, a cross
check that isn't called. Again, stick contacts body, and it's splitting hairs
(often literally) from that to your garden-variety two-hander.

The climate of the sport has produced this crop, and the NHL now reaps what has
been sown.

To change it all now will mean a sea-change in this game. Many players now
earning big bucks wouldn't have jobs if they couldn't use their sticks to
restrain. Many good skaters would score many more very good goals. Many, many
penalties would be called. Players who can deliver clean hits would again stand
out, since the stick-bums couldn't. Defensemen would have to be able to skate,
instead of drape the lumber over a shoulder and between the legs.

It must happen.

In 1994, the NHL tried something along the lines of what it must now do. Its
target was obstruction and restraining fouls, and on a cold February night in
Quebec, ref Kerry Fraser called every foul he saw. He handed out 23 power plays
between the Rangers and Nordiques, and the experiment was immediately ended as
the NHL recoiled at its own image. The parade of penalties that night was fully
expected, but the league would not continue its bravest idea in years long
enough for the players to get the message.

It's time to bring that idea back, this time automatically whistling every chop
on a stick, wrist, pant or ankle, three-minute majors for each trip or tap. It
should start with next season's exhibitions, and this time the league should
stick with it and stop sticks from being used on bodies instead of pucks.

The NHL can do it, if it has the guts. The game would be ugly for a half-season,
but so what? It's ugly all the time now. It would be tough medicine, but this a
deep-rooted disease and cure is essential. Severe suspensions are the Band-aid
approach. They're fine and deserved, but they are hypocritical when the league
passively condones other wrongful uses of the stick. Hypocrisy always bites
back.


LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: STICK IT TO 'EM: If NHL wants to put end to the stick-swinging that
resulted in Donald Brashear (above, fighting with Marty McSorley) being leveled
by shot to the face by McSorley, it must start by blowing the whistle on all
stick infractions.  Associated Press

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               7 of 23 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           February 1, 2000, Tuesday

TRAVELER'S UPDATE

BYLINE: Pucci Meyer

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 030

LENGTH: 298 words


Hear, ye

For 20 years, people with hearing loss have enjoyed Broadway and off-Broadway
productions through the Theatre Access Project, a program developed by the
Theatre Development Fund. Now the Project is offering a theater tour to London
for the deaf or hard of hearing. The eight-day trip costs $1,999 per person and
departs March 25 from JFK via British Air. It includes lodgings at the Strand
Palace Hotel (double occupancy), an open-captioned performance by the Royal
Shakespeare Company and a West End production. The tour also includes a
backstage tour of the Globe Theatre and an evening at the Royal Opera House.
There is no sign language interpreting on the trip. For more information, call
(212) 221-0885, ext. 211 or TTY (212) 719-4537.

Philly fantasy

Romantics thinking of getting out of town -- but not too far -- for Valentine's
day will find a warm welcome in Philadelphia. During the month of February, the
city's "Leap Into Love" hotel package offers a one-night stay at a choice of 10
hotels, breakfast, a 50 percent discount on a second night, a Culture Pass
(which provides buy-one, get-one-free access to more than 50 attractions) and 10
percent discounts at three top salons and spas. Rates per couple start at $97.
For details call (888) 450-3224 or www.gophila.com

Package is real

With special events planned throughout the year, there's no time like the
present for a millennial trip to Israel. El Al is offering a Jerusalem 2000
fly-drive package with rates starting at $952. For the price, you get round-trip
airfare from JFK or Newark, five nights' accommodations based on double
occupancy (such as at the Jerusalem Tower) and a five-day Hertz car rental with
unlimited mileage. For information, call (800) 352-5786.

With Amy McCloskeyN

LOAD-DATE: February 1, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               8 of 23 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                             August 4, 2000, Friday

CATSKILLS GEM TO SPARKLE AGAIN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 011

LENGTH: 886 words


THE legendary Concord Hotel, once the jewel of the Catskills, is going to be
saved - sort of. Developer Louis Cappelli, who bought it last year at a
bankruptcy auction for just $10.35 million, and nearby Grossinger's for $6
million more, will start rebuilding in November.

Cappelli revealed his plans in a lengthy interview the other day on Whitney
Radio with Westchester squire William O'Shaughnessy. He says he is putting up
the first $150 million of the redevelopment budget for the hotel and golf
course, and will shortly announce a partnership with one of the world's leading
hospitality groups.

About 80 percent of the Concord will be razed, but some public spaces and the
Imperial Room,where many great comics got their starts, will be restored and
featured in the new place.

O'Shaughnessy mentioned the popular conception that Cappelli is tight with Gov.
Pataki and bought the Concord and Grossinger's only because he has inside
knowledge about a casino coming to the Catskills.

"I don't gamble with that kind of money," Cappelli insisted. "I think this hotel
is going to be a wonderful business prospect for us ... There are 55 million
people within a four-hour drive. At the end of the day, we are just a hotel.
Gambling or no gambling, that's somebody else's business. We're selling rooms
and we're selling golf slots. We're not in the gambling business."

Regis' pride and Joy

AFTER Regis Philbin realized be couldn't stop the scurrilous story about him in
next week's Enquirer, I understand he sat dawn with his lovely wife, Joy,
Tuesday night and told her what was coming. Joy knows that this raking of old,
alleged muck goes with the territory, and things are fine between them.

Of course, the tabs have long been trying to establish that Rege has a roving
eye. And now that the "Live With Regis" star is a national prime-time phenomenon
via "Who Wants to Be a Millionaire," they are trying harder than ever.

From my personal view, Regis is just a guy who likes everyone, and the most
fan-friendly of stars. His relationship with Joy (as you could tell when she sat
in as co-host of "Live" again this week) is as warm and loving as that of any
couple I know.

Cuba loses its novel-ty

NOVELIST Jay McInerney just got back from Cuba and has sadly decided to shelve
his Havana-themed book, on which he's been working for a year. It seems that
despite the dictatorship of Fidel Castro, Cuba has become as modern as any other
place in the global village.

"I wanted to work a time theme, with Cuba frozen in 1959," he told Webster Hall
art curator Baird Jones. "But I think I missed my chance. You can have the most
authentic 1950s vintage cars sweeping down a crumbling Havana boulevard, but if
the passengers are yipping away on cell phones, it really ruins the nostalgic
atmosphere."

Really old News

SURE, it's the silly season, but that's no excuse for recyling stories that are
years old. Yesterday, one of the so-called gossip columns in the other tabloid
led with the breathless revelation that Playboy's Hugh Hefner has bought the
crypt next to the remains of Marilyn Monroe in L.A.'s Westwood Cemetery. I don't
want to be a fink about this, but I ran that exact same story here three years
ago.

A Citarella Story

THEY say a rising tide lifts all boats, and that seems to hold true with the
boffo opening of foodie heaven Citarella in Water Mill. All the nearby
businesses are booming from the traffic the market has created, and now, I hear,
Christie Brinkley and Peter Cook have just paid around $2 million for the
decrepit building across the street. Peter will have his architectural offices
there, and Christie will do something artsy and crafty.

One Elle of a baby

IT'S a girl for glamour couple Gilles and Kelly Bensimon. Gilles, photographer
and publication director at Elle magazine, will celebrate by cooking the food
for an intimate cocktail party this weekend to celebrate the arrival of their
second daughter, Thadeus Ann. The event will also toast Elle's new
editor-in-chief, Roberta Myers, who is herself due to give birth next month. So
much for the fashionistas allegedly encouraging anorexia.

Hamptons hospital-ity

IT helps to have injured celebs in your ER. Ever since Hamptons resident Alan
Alda fell and hurt his back, he's been a huge supporter of Southampton Hospital.
Ditto with Channel 7 news anchor Bill Beutel, who was involved in a minor car
accident last month and got a clean bill of health from the hospital.

So Bill will be an even more enthusiastic supporter tomorrow night when he and
his elegant wife, Adair, chair the hospital's annual benefit, which is well on
target to raise more than $1 million.

Adair already hosted a lunch in town at the exclusive private club Doubles to
rally the support of such heavy hitters as Jessie Araskog, Karen LeFrak, Wendy
Carduner, Jamie Gregory, Joanne de Guardiola, Mai Harrison and Dr. Suzanne
Levine for tomorrow night's "Beach Ball," which will be lavishly catered by
Robbins Wolfe Eventeurs.


LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The fight goes on: Boxing legend Muhammad Ali teams up with Michael J.
Fox, a fighter in his own right, at yesterday's George magazine/Creative
Coalition fund-raiser for Fox's Foundation for Parkinson's Research, at the
Kenneth Cole store in Philadelphia.  Dave Allocca / DMI

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               9 of 23 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            August 25, 2000, Friday

VERIZON'S $5B IPO PLAN - WIRELESS SPINOFF COULD BE BIGGEST OFFERING EVER

BYLINE: Joseph Gallivan

SECTION: Sport+Late City Final; Pg. 039

LENGTH: 608 words


Verizon will cut the cord on its Wireless baby this fall - and make some $5
billion in the process.

Verizon and Vodaphone are taking public their 60/40 joint venture, Verizon
Wireless, just as the market for tech stocks warms up again.

Looking for the biggest IPO in history, the company filed a registration with
the with the Securities and Exchange Commission yesterday.

Timing its announcement to mark the end of a two-week strike which mostly
affected its landline workers, the company hopes to cash in on having the
biggest mobile phone business in the country, with 25 million customers.

The company has cooled its jets somewhat in the last few months. Verizon
Wireless' preliminary assessment indicated that the IPO could raise $5 billion.
However, estimates earlier in the year put its value as high as $15 billion.

The stock will not be a tracking stock, like AT&T Wireless's public flop this
year. AT&T Wireless Group raised $10.6 billion in April. However, many
investors, especially small investors and AT&T employees, got burned thinking
they were buying into a rocket tech IPO. AT&T Wireless closed yesterday up 25
cents at $24.75, just 50 cents above its opening price.

Analysts agree that while the road ahead could be rocky for Verizon Wireless,
its strength is its size.

Mel Marten, analyst at Edward Jones, said the company would need to be very
careful about how it prices the offering, given the example of AT&T.

"This is a big company, so I don't expect it to price at either extreme," he
said. But, he cautioned: "No one can really say what is going to happen. The
telcos have been trading off their highs."

Strategically it is considered an essential move for Verizon as competition for
the U.S. wireless market has become global in the last year.

Verizon Wireless has the largest national coverage in the U.S., but needs to
raise cash to enable it to make acquisitions so as to fill in the "holes" in its
coverage in smaller markets. And as "wireless" and "Internet" are increasingly
used in the same breath, the company sees the need to have a stock incentive for
employees.

The company's S1 filing said, "Our extensive network coverage, digital
technology, national distribution channels and operating and financial strength
position us to take advantage of the growing demand for wireless voice and data
services."

However, the company is giving itself plenty of time to sound out investors on
its huge roadshow. The company generated pro forma revenue of $7.3 billion and
cash flow of some $2.4 billion in the six months ended June 30. The lead
underwriters will be Goldman, Sachs and Merrill Lynch.

Verizon is traded on the New York Stock Exchange, but the company did not
specify a new ticker name for the new stock. A Verizon spokeswoman refrained
from commenting, citing the SEC-mandated quiet period.

Verizon rose $1.19 to $41.61 yesterday. Vodafone's U.S.-listed shares added
$1.50 to $39.13.

------

Unplugged

Fresh from settling a damaging strike, Verizon filed yesterday for a blockbuster
IPO of its wireless business.

Some highlights:

* The public offering will raise at least $5 billion - but some believe it could
be much, much more.

* Verizon's wireless network, the biggest in the country with 25 million
customers, had $7.3 billion in sales for the first half of this year.

* The offering is not a tracking stock - investors will actually own a piece of
the business.


LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: -But the performance of AT&T's wireless IPO has made some analysts
wary. (chart) Source: Bloomberg
-Verizon co-CEOs Ivan Seidenberg (left) and Charles Lee.  N.Y. Post: Jim Alcorn

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               10 of 23 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            October 20, 2000, Friday

BUSINESS BRIEFS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 036

LENGTH: 318 words


$40B merger

United Technologies Corp. and Honeywell International Inc. traded heavily in
post-market action yesterday as CNBC-TV reported United Technologies is close to
buying Honeywell for $40 billion. In after-market trading United traded at $63,
down from its close of $68, while Honeywell traded at $41.94, up from its close
of $35.69

Yagalla free

Mark Yagalla, the 23-year-old hedge fund manager who ran Ashbury Capital
Partners into the ground while running up a huge tab in personal expenses, was
released on a $250,000 bond last night by federal magistrate Frank Maas. Yagalla
faces five years in prison if convicted of fraud.

SEC compromise

The SEC and the Big Five accounting firms may be on the verge of a compromise
over auditor independence rules, FT.com reported. The two sides have apparently
agreed in general terms on outsourcing of internal audits, which was largely
seen as the second thorniest issue in the rule.

Essence done

Time Inc., the magazine wing of Time Warner, completed its acquisition of 49
percent of Essence Communications Inc., publishers of the Afro-American woman's
magazine Essence. The joint venture plans to launch additional media projects
aimed at Afro-Americans.

Bad idea

Idealab!, the firm behind EToys Inc. and other e-commerce companies, scrapped
plans for an initial public offering after the recent stock market plunge
slashed the company's value. Idealab filed in April to raise as much as $300
million in an IPO.

CEO quits

CMGI Inc.'s AltaVista Co., an Internet search service, said the unit's chief
executive Rod Schrock has stepped down and the company is searching for a
replacement. AltaVista President Greg Memo and CFO Ken Barber will share
executive responsibility while the company looks for a replacement. The move
comes months after the company postponed its IPO and last month's announcement
it would cut 225 jobs.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               11 of 23 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           November 9, 2000, Thursday

GLOBAL BIGS SHAMED BY PREMATURE CONGRATULATION

BYLINE: Andy Geller

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 007

LENGTH: 365 words


World leaders uncorked the champagne - then put it on ice.

Mirroring the confusion of the American electorate, the leaders offered
congratulations to George W. Bush - then quickly took them back.

One of the first to offer his good wishes was German President Johannes Rau, who
said, "We know you as a good friend of our country and look forward to the
continuation of close friendship of our people during your time in office."

Forty minutes later, the president's office faxed an excited statement to news
agencies: "Please don't publicize the president's congratulations to George W.
Bush!!!!!"

Too late.

"What can we do?" a Rau spokesman said. "It is complicated. One wants to be
among the first sending congratulations and warm wishes."

The Dutch government put out a congratulatory statement - and retracted it.

French President Jacques Chirac was also quick to hail Bush's win. His office
later explained that it had issued the message only after Gore conceded defeat.

European Commission President Romano Prodi said, "We are much looking forward to
working with Mr. Bush."

Japan's congratulations were even more effusive.

"We welcome from the bottom of our hearts Bush's victory in the presidential
election," said Hiromu Nonaka, secretary general of the ruling Liberal
Democratic Party.

In Italy - home to notoriously untrustworthy exit polls - many were amazed that
the more scientific American approach had failed to produce a reliable result.

"What happened in Florida? It sounds like Italy!" said Massimo Ruggeri, owner of
a Rome coffee bar.

Swedish Prime Minister Goeran Persson called the outcome "strange" and predicted
it would lead to a constitutional debate.

Former Russian Foreign Minister Andrei Kozyrev agreed, saying that whatever the
outcome, "one might expect an amendment to the U.S. Constitution aimed at
improving the election process."

But Russian President Vladimir Putin was the soul of diplomacy, saying his
country would work with Bush or Al Gore.

"The U.S. is one of our most important partners in very many spheres of
activity," he said, "and we already know in detail the programs of both
candidates, Bush and Gore."

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               12 of 23 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           January 15, 2000, Saturday

DOW, NASDAQ SOAR
LOWEST INFLATION IN 34 YRS. SPARKS RALLY

BYLINE: JESSE ANGELO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 018

LENGTH: 484 words


Rosy economic numbers, big earnings from Intel and reassuring words from Alan
Greenspan combined for a huge day on Wall Street yesterday.

The Nasdaq Composite Index rose above 1999's finish for the first time this year
before slipping a bit and the Dow Jones industrial average posted it's third
record close for the week.

Traders and investors came to the office looking to rally after remarks from the
Federal Reserve Chairman Thursday night eased fears that the central bank would
raise rates by more than a quarter percent in February.

When Labor Department figures released yesterday morning showed 1999 core
consumer prices rose at the lowest rate in 34 years, the markets were off to the
races.

"It's rational exuberance," said Alan Skrainka, chief investment strategist at
Edward Jones.

"We have everything investors could ask for -- very strong growth with no
inflation. We used to say we had a near perfect economy and now I think we can
drop the aenear.'"

The Nasdaq Composite Index -- which has had huge swings in the last two weeks --
briefly reached the plus side for the year before sliding back but it still
posted a big gain on the day.

The tech-heavy Nasdaq jumped up 2.71 percent, or 107.06 points, closing at
4,064.27, down 0.12 percent for the year.

The bellwether Dow finished at 11,722.98, climbing 140.55 points or 1.21 percent
on the day while the broader S&P 500 rose 15.47 points -- 1.07 percent -- to end
at 1,465.15.

Speaking before the Economic Club of New York Thursday night, Greenspan seemed
more sympathetic to the "New Economy" model than ever before saying it is
"increasingly difficult to deny that something profoundly different from the
typical post-war business cycle has emerged."

Some economists and investors had feared a rate hike of half a percent in
February but the overall tone of Greenspan's remarks dispelled that belief.

"I think people that have been talking about 50 basis points are going to take
that off the table," Skrainka said.

Intel led the Nasdaq and other computer stocks higher after fourth-quarter
numbers announced Thursday evening were stronger than expected.

A slowdown in technology buying in the run up to Y2K failed to happen and the
world's largest chip-maker notched up a whopping 7.9 percent sales increase.

Excluding one-time charges, profit rose 15 percent to $2.4 billion, or 69 cents
a share, up from $2.1 billion or 60 cents a share.

Intel shares rose as much as 17 percent before closing up $12 at $103.06, a gain
of 13 percent.

With the announcement that consumer prices only rose 0.2 percent in December,
ebbing interest rate fears drove the financial services sector higher too.

But the numbers still scared the bond market and the benchmark 30-year Treasury
bond dropped 14/32 -- or $4.38 per $1,000 face amount -- 923/4, with the yield
rising 4 basis points to 6.69 percent.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               13 of 23 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           January 27, 2000, Thursday

FLEURY IS JUST A PASSENGER ON RANGER EXPRESS

BYLINE: LARRY BROOKS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 109

LENGTH: 471 words


The Rangers are winning, so it hasn't become a hot-button issue. But as the
Blueshirts have won seven in a row coming into tonight's Garden showdown with
the Maple Leafs, there's been a

subtle yet significant shift in ice time among the team's right wings.

Theo Fleury, who brought his star with him to Broadway, has been watching more
hockey from the bench than ever before as a Ranger, with John Muckler rewarding
his two most productive right wingers, Radek Dvorak and John MacLean, with
increasing doses of ice time, both at even strength and on the specialty units.

Through the first half of the season that concluded with a 1-0 loss in Carolina
on Jan. 9, Fleury had averaged 21:30 of ice per game, getting 20 or more minutes
in 30 of the opening 41 matches. Since then, since that loss that preceded this
seven-game winning streak, Fleury has averaged 17:10 of ice per, topping out at
Tuesday's 18:33 in Tuesday's 4-3 victory in Pittsburgh.

It can't sit well with Fleury, who throughout his career has been accustomed to
receiving star-time ice time. Elite players want to be on the ice all of the
time. For reference, see: Gretzky, Wayne; Messier, Mark. But though Fleury
understandably wants the ice, Dvorak and MacLean have demanded it with their
play.

Fleury has scored just one goal in the streak, that the final goal of the Jan.
15, 5-2 victory over the Islanders that started the landslide, while chipping in
with three assists. MacLean, meanwhile, has scored six goals with two assists,
while Dvorak has added two goals with five assists. And it isn't only the
numbers; not skating with the same energy level and passion that marked his
All-Star career in Calgary, Fleury hasn't had the same impact as either Dvorak
or MacLean.

The winger has a sore right wrist, but insists there's nothing else wrong with
him physically. Still, he's just not sticking his nose in as he's always
previously done. Fleury said on Monday that he been bogged down with the flu
early in the month, and that he'd had a somewhat difficult time adapting to the
change in climate in the move from Calgary (via Denver) to Broadway, but that he
now felt fine.

If so, if he's not hiding a problem, his performance is a mystery, even allowing
that this is an unforgiving conference for a man standing 5-6 and weighing about
160.

Muckler lately has most often used the MacLean-Tim Taylor and Dvorak-Petr Nedved
combinations as his first two penalty killing units, coming third with Fleury
and Eric Lacroix. He's rotated his lines on the power play, awarding time based
on performance in a given night.

i

Adam Graves will return to the lineup tonight after the missing the last three
games to be at home with his wife, Violet, hospitalized infant twin sons Jaxson
and Logan, and their sisters, Madison and Montana.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               14 of 23 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           January 29, 2000, Saturday

DIRTY LITTLE SECRET OF 'CLEAN FUEL' BUSES

BYLINE: CARL CAMPANILE Transit Reporter

SECTION: Metro; Pg. 010

LENGTH: 315 words


Everyone wants pollution-free buses on the streets, but the head of the Transit
Authority yesterday said natural gas is not the answer.

"I don't think CNG [compressed natural gas] is the long-term solution," TA
President Larry Reuter told The Post.

Reuter defended the agency's go-slow approach on buying CNG buses, noting there
is other technology being tested that could be cleaner, more reliable and less
costly.

The TA has committed to buying 800 "clean fuel" buses. But environmental
advocates have slammed it for dragging its heels because it has plans to buy
1,056 more diesel buses in its new five-year capital program.

To bolster his case, Reuter pointed to a Jan. 10 Harvard School of Public Heath
study that found that CNG buses could spew as much or more pollution as the most
advanced diesel buses.

The report found that natural-gas buses produce less particulates - or soot. But
diesel emits less greenhouse gases.

However, the study also concluded that natural gas may generate more "ultrafine"
sources of pollution than diesel that "may have an even more dramatic impact on
health."

The TA now operates 90 CNG buses, but Reuter said they break down 50 percent
more frequently than the diesel models.

And the only CNG fueling facility, at the Jackie Gleason Depot in Brooklyn, has
been wracked with a host of problems, including a gas leak and two explosions.

"There are significant safety issues. CNG is a more volatile fuel," Reuter said.

In CNG buses, the tanks sit atop the roofs.

The TA is also experimenting with 10 so-called hybrid diesel-electric buses.
Reuter said these break down less frequently than the CNG models.

Reuter predicts that within 10 years hybrid-electric technology will be
available that produces "zero pollution" u thus making CNG technology obsolete.


LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LARRY REUTER Looking for alternatives.

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               15 of 23 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                             April 23, 2000, Sunday

AS A JOURNALIST, DICAPRIO MAKES A TITANIC FLOP

BYLINE: Adam Buckman

SECTION: Sport+Late City Final; Pg. 015

LENGTH: 628 words


"ABC News Special:

Planet Earth 2000"

Last night at 8 p.m. on ABC/Ch. 7

Zero stars

Leonardo DiCaprio turned out to be a dud as an interviewer in his debut as a
pseudo-journalist - but it was the reputation of ABC News that deserves to sink
like the Titanic after last night's Earth Day special.

ABC News staffers were up in arms a few weeks ago when they found out Leo had
scored a one-on-one interview with the president at the White House - something
that network newsies push for all the time but seldom get.

Well, here's a message for the grizzled journos at ABC: You've got nothing to
worry about with Leo. He's a lousy interviewer who slumped in his chair as he
faced the president on a White House porch and asked a handful of leading,
puffball questions about what we, as citizens, can do about global warming.

Three of the questions made it to air. Here's one of them, followed by the pat
answer from President Clinton.

Leo: "Why do you think this issue [global warming] is constantly overlooked, and
why do you think people don't take it seriously enough, and, for you, is it as
important as something like health-care or education?"

The president: "Oh, yes, over the long run, it's one of the two or three major
issues facing the world over the next 30 years. I think it's because it takes a
long time for the climate to change in a way that people feel it ["Uh, hm,"
interjects Leo] and because it seems sort of abstract."

I liked Leo better at the beginning of the hour when he was sitting casually
beside the Los Angeles River near his boyhood home and talking about the
disappearance of a population of frogs that had once thrived there, in a section
of the river known as Frog Town.

But it was the interview with the president that everyone was dying to see.

And that's an apt way to describe what it felt like to slog through last night's
special, an hour of repetitive eco-crap entitled "Planet Earth 2000." You felt
like dying sitting through one superficial segment after another, waiting for
Leo's sitdown, which had cleverly (or sadistically, in this case) been placed
near the end of the hour.

If ABC News staffers should worry about anything, it's what the special
indicates about the direction the network's news division is going in. The
special out-and-out flunked as a news special for one important reason: It was
utterly lacking in news.

The hour, which purported to study "in-depth" the issues surrounding global
warming, was anchored from an Indian ruin in the New Mexico desert by Elizabeth
Vargas in a jean jacket, and featured reports from Alaska to Atlanta by Chris
Cuomo, who wore jeans and didn't tuck in his shirt - a costume the producers
undoubtedly felt would attract young viewers.

Segment after segment - rendered with percussive music and trendy (and
irritating) quick-cut editing - covered stories you already knew from dozens of
"Datelines," Discovery Channel specials and Time magazine covers.

There was the story of Atlanta and its crippling traffic; a segment about
Alaskan Eskimos and how their snowmobiles are endangered by the melting of the
ice on which they travel; a profile of 4 Times Square, the new environmentally
sensitive skyscraper in Midtown; and a biographical sketch of the queen of the
tree-huggers, Julia Butterfly Hill, who lived high up in a redwood for two years
to protest a logging company's plan to cut it down.

What her campaign to save an old-growth redwood had to do with global warming
was never made clear.

For that matter, we never learned what drove away the frogs, either.


LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LAME LEONARDO: Actor-heartthrob Leo DiCaprio tosses President Cinton a
softball about global warming during last night's exclusive interview for ABC
News.

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               16 of 23 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                             June 1, 2000, Thursday

ASTEROID MEANT SUDDEN DEATH FOR DINOS: STUDY

BYLINE: Bill Sanderson

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 009

LENGTH: 294 words


Dinosaurs died off quickly after an asteroid sent a wall of fire and destruction
across North America, a new study claims.

Researchers studying fossils found in Montana and North Dakota say an asteroid
hit 65 million years ago and almost immediately wiped out the giant reptiles
that once ruled the earth.

"What we found suggests that the dinosaurs were thriving, that they were doing
extremely well during that time," said Peter M. Sheehan of the Milwaukee Public
Museum, one of the study's authors.

"The asteroid impact brought a sudden and very abrupt demise to the species,"
Sheehan said.

The newly updated theory, explained in the just-published issue of the journal
Geology, gives credence to paleontologists and other scientists who long
believed the dinosaurs were killed off by an asteroid strike.

Scientists theorize that the asteroid would have been about six-miles wide - and
it probably hit Earth somewhere around the Yucatan Peninsula in Mexico.

But there remain several other schools of thought about the dinosaurs'
disappearance.

Some scientists contend they were killed over a long period of time by slow
changes in Earth's climate or ecology - and that they were dying out when the
asteroid hit.

But Sheehan says fossil evidence shows that a variety of dinosaurs thrived in
North Dakota and Montana until the very end.

Still, a scientist who believes the dinosaurs died off slowly says the new study
wasn't broad enough.

William A. Clemens of the University of California at Berkeley said Sheehan
overlooks the fact that many other forms of life survived the asteroid.

"Why did amphibians go through this period unaffected?" Clemens asked. "There
was a variety of birds, and they go through this period unaffected."

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               17 of 23 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            June 10, 2000, Saturday

SHUNNING A CIRCUS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 018

LENGTH: 329 words


How far should Mayor Giuliani extend himself in an effort to meet with the
family of Patrick Dorismond, who was shot dead by undercover cops last March in
a buy-and-bust drug operation gone bad?

Given his stated insistence that he wants to reach out to the Dorismonds, after
admitting that he made a "mistake" in the way he initially handled the incident,
the mayor would do well to go out of his way to meet with the family.

But that doesn't mean that Giuliani needs to take part in a staged media circus.
And that's exactly what the Dorismond family seems to want, given their
insistence that Al Sharpton and Johnnie Cochran take part.

Sharpton, in particular, has never been a healer. On the contrary - his mere
presence is a guarantee that incendiary and polarizing rhetoric will carry the
day.

The rotund rev lives for the glare of the TV cameras, and it's hard to see where
any healing is possible when Al Sharpton is busy spouting off.

Giuliani says he reached out to the

family "in good faith" through the Rev. Brian Jordan of St. Francis of Assisi
Church in Midtown, adding that "we tried to do it quietly and privately because
I don't want some kind of media event."

But the Dorismonds - who have filed notice that they plan to sue the city for
$100 million - won't take part without Sharpton and Cochran, their lawyer.

We understand the family's pain, but we have to wonder whether they're truly
interested in anything that would help heal the rifts that developed in the wake
of the Dorismond affair.

They're the ones who've complained about the mayor's refusal to meet with them -
but now that he's willing to do so, they say they're "dismayed that suddenly
there is a change of climate in the mayor's handling of this case."

At this point, it most likely would be better if a meeting were put on hold
until a certain measure of good faith is evident.

Certainly, providing Sharpton with another photo-op is no way to go about it.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               18 of 23 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                             June 11, 2000, Sunday

BRUCE DOESN'T DARE FACE HEROES HE SLANDERS

BYLINE: Steve Dunleavy

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 003

LENGTH: 507 words


IT would take Bruce Springsteen just minutes to take a little hop in a
helicopter from New Jersey, his home state, to Battery Park.

I would suggest he does this at 11 o'clock Tuesday morning, when thousands of
cops will gather there for Police Solidarity Day.

He could then explain why he's making fortunes out of misery - with a new song
about the Amadou Diallo tragedy.

Or he could dedicate a song to cops who keep us alive and safe while they put
their lives on the line.

"This whole thing would be much more acceptable if ... the profits, or some of
them from his concerts, would go to the Diallo family, or hold a benefit for the
families of livery drivers shot dead, or the families of the victims of the
Wendy's killings. Or even the Police Department that caught the alleged killers
in about 24 hours," said John Patten.

Patten is a lawyer for the Sergeants' Benevolent Association, who successfully
defended Sgt. Sean Carroll in the tragic Diallo accident.

"Hey, that's a good idea," said John Flynn, Patrolmen's Benevolent Association
trustee for Manhattan South. "Put on a benefit for all victims - what about a
benefit for widows of slain cops?

"Frankly, this song which Springsteen is singing is sickening and I am shocked.
It only further divides everyone."

Tragically, whether it be an aging rocker like Springsteen or a legion of rap
stars, there is an unhealthy climate being created in the name of entertainment.

It's all right to talk about killing a cop in lyrics. It's all right to revisit
the emotions of the Diallo tragedy. But are there any lyrics hailing heroes
anymore?

One has to suspect that these entertainers are scared stiff that their liberal
leaders are losing ground and they need a little bit of help from their friends.

If Springsteen was doing this to help Hillary Clinton, he must have enough
intelligence to know that she couldn't find her way out of an elevator.

A court of law rightfully freed the Bronx Four in the sadness that was Diallo.

Apparently, Springsteen wants to act as some kind of court of appeals.

Now, in this society of free speech there is absolutely nothing wrong with any
singer making a political statement.

But if they are all such bleeding hearts, surely their duty is to mend fences,
not to tear them down.

Think - does anyone believe that a Frank Sinatra or Tony Bennett or a Sammy
Davis Jr. would resort to these kind of lyrics?

That is why after tomorrow night's concert, Bruce will have enough time to get
to bed fairly early, sleep in late and dash over to Battery Park and tell the
cops what it's all about.

What has changed, Bruce Springsteen?

There was a time when you participated in a benefit for the family of Long
Branch, N.J., Sgt. Patrick King, callously shot to death in a Chinese
restaurant.

That was the Boss I could celebrate.

Where are the winds of change? And where did they come from?

Surely, Springsteen knew a better day than what he is about to perform tomorrow
night.

Bring back the Bruce we knew.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               19 of 23 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           October 7, 2000, Saturday

KENT JUST LOVES PLAYIN' BY THE BAY

BYLINE: GEORGE WILLIS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 047

LENGTH: 843 words


IN THE aftermath of the Mets' 10-inning momentum-turning 5-4 win Thursday night
at Pac Bell Park, it was Jeff Kent who stood in the middle of the Giants'
clubhouse and fielded a consistent stream of media questions about the team's
emotional state heading into Game 3 today at Shea Stadium.

"We came back, tied the game, fought to the very end," Kent said of Game 2.
"That's what the Giants do. We think we're a better ballclub than the Mets.
We'll turn the page and go to New York with a lot of confidence."

He stood there for nearly an hour answering question after question, while Barry
Bonds refused to take questions after striking out looking at a John Franco
changeup with two runners on to the end game. Not only did it reinforce the
moodiness of

Bonds, but also showed just how much of a leader Kent has become on the Giants
as well as how comfortable he is with his game, his team and his stature.

"I've gotten more mature in the game, more experienced in the game and gotten to
love the Bay Area above all the places that I've played, probably because we've
won more here than anywhere else that I've played," Kent said. "The
relationships that I have with the guys on my team have now been four years in
the making. That's probably the biggest difference, for me now and than in the
past. Maturity, experience, exposure to adversity and overcoming that, all those
factors are making me a better ball player and liking it."

In retrospect, there was little chance for Kent to be doing for the Mets what
he's doing for the Giants. During his tenure in Flushing from 1992-1996, he was
too raw, the expectations were too high and the climate surrounding the club too
unstable. There was really no chance for him to succeed. No real chance.

He had been acquired from the Blue Jays late in the 1992 season in exchange for
pitcher David Cone, one of the most popular and important Mets. He was only 24
then, not even a full year into his first big league season. Yet, he was asked
to validate the controversial trade even while validating his career.

Kent never looked comfortable during his four years with the Mets, nor did he
look happy. He was moved from second to third base to make room for Edgardo
Alfonzo, which wasn't an easy adjustment for someone who made 22 errors in 1993.

The weaknesses of a young player were turned into backpage headlines like: "Jeff
Kan't" His dealings with the media became frosty. He was an enigma to many of
his teammates. He wasn't a team leader, back then. Simply an employee, who
reported for work and seldom smiled. When he was traded to the Indians in 1996,
no one shed any tears.

That Jeff Kent is gone now, replaced by a confident and secure player, whose is
embracing his stature as one of the game's best performers. His demeanor
following Thursday's loss was noteworthy, in that there was no sense of urgency
in his voice, no sense of panic, no whinning.

"That was a great game, wasn't it," he said offering a smile that signaled his
appreciation just to be part of it.

Yes, Kent smiles now. And he even has a sense of humor. When asked about playing
first base, Thursday night instead of his traditional second base, Kent said:
"I've put a couple of magnets in my glove to make it easier for me to catch the
ball."

And when asked what he liked about his manager Dusty Baker, Kent replied: "He's
got some cool sweatbands."

No, it's not exactly Seinfeld. But compared to the moody, brooding, and often
uncooperative Kent that played for the Mets, it's a pleasant change. Part of it
is he is 32 now and clearly one of the game's top players.

He could well be voted the NL MVP award this year after a prolific season where
he batted .334, hit 33 homers and drove in 125 runs. It was his fourth
consecutive 100-RBI season since joining the Giants in 1997, and his 475 RBIs
during the span is the highest total for a 4-year period for player who plays
primarily second base. His numbers are comparable to Hall of Famer Rogers
Hornsby, considered the best-hitting second baseman of all-time.

All this proves the Mets weren't wrong about Kent. He was just wrong for the
Mets.

As this Division Series becomes a best-of-3, the Giants will be counting heavily
on Kent's bat to get at least one win at Shea, if not a sweep. Already batting
.429 for the series, he is a player the Mets must contain if they want to keep
the series from going back to San Francisco.

He has made it clear how desperately he wants to win this series and the
ultimately the World Series by suggesting that he would retire if the Giants won
it all.

"That's how valuable winning the championship is for me," he said. "I have a
World Series ring from 1992 when I played with the Blue Jays my rookie year. I'd
trade just about all my valuable possessions just to be there."

His former team will try to make sure that doesn't happen.


LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: STAR CALIBER: Giant second baseman Jeff Kent has fulfilled all the
expectations that were expected of him when he was a young Met. NY Post: Nury
Hernandez

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               20 of 23 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            October 15, 2000, Sunday

STEPHANIE SINGING THE BLUES

BYLINE: NEAL TRAVIS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 013

LENGTH: 892 words


MAYBE Prince Rainier should have thought things through when he recently amended
his will, leaving "only" about $25 million to his harum-scarum youngest
daughter, Stephanie.

I hear the willful 35-year-old princess has come up with a scheme to make her
own money - and maybe shame daddy into giving her an equal share of his vast
estate.

Stephanie says she's going to restart the recording career she dallied with some
14 years ago when she made a rather forgettable single called "Like a
Hurricane." She has just remixed the number with a disco backing and will
release it next month.

At the same time, she's having a recording studio built into her holiday home in
Auron, France, and is planning a full album. She's hoping to get the likes of
Michael Jackson (who's a sucker for princesses), Luciano Pavarotti, Bono and
Mick Jagger to do duets with her.

Steph actually has good contacts in the business. She has always been one of the
movers and shakers behind Monaco's rather twee world music festival and has
reportedly helped several tax-dodging record producers relocate to the tiny
principality. Now she's calling in her markers.

She plans to go the whole way, making videos of her songs and acquiring a range
of wild costumes and even a punkish red wig. Of course, all this may just be a
ploy to make her father leave her more money. (She currently exists on an
allowance of $75,000 a month).

The stakes are high. You probably read that Stephanie has been effectively
disinherited, but you may not know how much she's missing out on. Rainier is
thought to be worth about $2 billion and is leaving the great bulk of it to
Albert and Caroline.

As it now stands, Albert also gets the pink palace in Monte Carlo and the royal
stamp collection, and Caroline will be left another of the family mansions, plus
the fabled jewel collection amassed by her late mother, Grace Kelly.

Serena serves up advice

PERHAPS to prove that John McEnroe has snapped a few too many strings in his
racket, the supposedly "aloof" Serena Williams will be in town tomorrow talking
to 200 underprivileged girls at the Young Women's Leadership School in East
Harlem. Serena, who's also beating the drum for next month's Chase Championships
at the Garden, will tell the kids to get a good education and not to ever worry
about what some cranky former star says about you.

Gruff guy's pet project

TOUGH guy Chuck Zito, who decked Jean Claude Van Damme in a city club and now
plays a jailed mobster on HBO's brutal "Oz," is a real softy when it comes to
abandoned pets. Tomorrow, Chuck joins chef Charlie Palmer at his Alva restaurant
to unveil a photography exhibit by artist Christopher Obetz.

Zito will auction off one of the works to benefit the Animal Rescue Fund of the
Hamptons and a portion of all sales will go to ARF. Dog lovers Pamela Bach and
David Hasselhoff (who are living in their New York apartment while he prepares
for his "Jekyll and Hyde" opening), Rick and Kathy Hilton, Ted Forstmann and
Chuck and Ellen Scarborough are among those expected.

Production partners Betsy Rathe and Peri Curnin are planning to do a little
business on the side. They hope to talk to Tama Janowitz about acquiring the
film rights to her latest best seller, "A Certain Age." Good booze and chef
Palmer's remarkable food should crease the ideal deal-making climate.

Hill: Let's go, Mets fans!

AS if the looming Subway Series isn't a big enough dilemma for self-professed
Yankee rooter Hillary Rodham Clinton, it now emerges that the Senate candidate
climbed on the wrong train. A new poll shows Mets fans are far more likely to
vote for Hillary than are the Yankee crowd.

This week's New York magazine commissioned a survey that finds Mets fans are 57
percent for Clinton and only 39 percent for Rick Lazio. But Yankee followers
give Lazio a 46-44 lead over the lady from Arkansas, no matter how many times
she puts on a Bombers cap.

The poll reveals some demographic clues to the political affinities of the
clubs' supporters. Half the Mets fans are Clintonesque Baby-Boomers between the
ages of 35 and 54; Yankee fans are younger and more Republican (32 percent to
the Mets' 23 percent); wealthier (15 percent claiming incomes above $90,000 a
year, against 7 percent of Shea rooters), and less Jewish (9 percent against 15
percent of the Mets crowd).

"Yankee fans are more rooted," one of them claims. "The Mets moved in on
somebody else's turf - just like Hillary." To which a Mets follower replies:
"Mets fans are the progressive good guys, and Yankee fans are the fascists. If
they're voting for Lazio, they deserve him."

Israeli intermission

THE show must go on, but singer-actor David (Dudu) Fisher has taken an urgent
timeout from rehearsals of "Borscht Belt Buffet on Broadway" to be with his wife
and children in strife-torn Israel. Fisher flew home on Thursday and is expected
back here early this week.

A former member of the Israeli defense forces, Dudu wanted to be sure his family
was as safe as possible in the crisis. If he's satisfied with the situation,
he'll resume rehearsals with comedian Mal Z. Lawrence and Bruce Adler for
"Borscht Belt," the revue which begins a 16-performance run at Town Hall Oct.
24.


LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ROYAL RUCKUS: Will Monaco's poor little Princess Stephanie have to sing
for her supper? AFP

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               21 of 23 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           November 2, 2000, Thursday

RICK HIT UP HILL'S MUSLIMS - SOLICITED GROUP BEFORE HIS BLAST

BYLINE: Robert Hardt Jr., Gregg Birnbaum and Jessica Graham

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 004

LENGTH: 576 words


Senate candidate Rick Lazio sent a fund-raising letter to the head of the local
chapter of the American Muslim Alliance - just two days before denouncing
Hillary Rodham Clinton for receiving "blood money" from the group.

On Oct. 23, the Republican hopeful sent a fund-raising letter to Faroque Khan,
chairman of the New York chapter of the American Muslim Alliance, a group which
took credit for hosting a $50,000 Boston fund-raiser for Clinton in June.

The form letter, which was obtained by the New York Observer and posted on its
Web site last night, asked Khan for his "immediate financial help."

"I may not have the President of the United States in my corner but that's OK,
I'd rather have you!" says the letter which is signed "Rick".

After it was reported that the American Muslim Alliance was taking credit for
the June fund-raiser, Clinton refunded the $50,000 last week. The Democratic
candidate said she would not take money from members of the group because its
national leader supports Palestinians' use of armed force.

Campaigning in Westchester last night, Clinton called the fund-raising letter to
Khan "the height of hypocrisy."

"It shows a pattern in Mr. Lazio's campaign of saying one thing and doing
something else," Clinton said.

After shaking hands with commuters last night at the White Plains Metro-North
station, Lazio told reporters he wasn't familiar with his letter to Khan.

"I don't know anything about it," he said.

But less than half an hour letter, Lazio pulled his campaign motorcade over at a
gas station on the Bronx River Parkway and clambered onto the press van to talk
about the letter.

"We've sent out 18 million pieces of mail. As far as I know, we haven't received
a dime from any person that supports terrorism," Lazio said.

Lazio also discussed his campaign's decision to pull an upstate radio ad
denouncing Clinton for supporting a "radical environmental treaty."

The League of Conservation Voters - which had decided to jointly back Clinton
and Lazio - threatened to pull their endorsement of Lazio if he continued to air
the ads denouncing the Kyoto treaty.

After telling reporters in White Plains that he didn't know his campaign had
yanked the ads, Lazio spoke about the decision with reporters in the press van.

"The ad was discontinued out of respect for the League of Conservation Voters,"
said Lazio, who in a previous statement called the Kyoto treaty a "laudable
attempt to address global warming" that "could be improved."

Meanwhile, Lazio worked at strengthening his pro-Israeli credentials by saying
he is opposed to the creation of a Palestinian state in the Mideast.

At a campaign stop in The Bronx, Clinton repeated her position about a
Palestinian state that "it is up to the parties to decide how and when they
would enter into a comprehensive peace agreement."

Clinton also suffered a setback yesterday when Assemblyman Dov Hikind
(D-Brooklyn) announced he will not make an endorsement.

The first lady had aggressively courted Hikind, who is influential with some
Orthodox Jews, and the two had met privately for an hour this week.


LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: -HUNGRY FOR VOTES: Rick Lazio stumps yesterday at Yonkers food emporium
Stew Leonard's.  N.Y. Post: Francis Specker
-BALD AND THE BEAUTIFUL: A supporter for Hillary Clinton rubs the head of a
customer for luck at the Blue Bay Diner yesterday as the first lady campaigns in
Queens.  N.Y. Post: Luiz C. Ribeiro

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               22 of 23 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          December 14, 2000, Thursday

AT LONG LAST: AMERICA HAS A PRESIDENT

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 042

LENGTH: 867 words


And so the contest ends.

Charity displaces rancor.

Statesmanship dispels acrimony.

Throw away the "Sore Loserman" signs - and God bless America.

For one dramatic evening, at least.

Last night's two short speeches were a long time coming, weren't they?

"This evening I received a gracious call from the vice president. We agreed to
meet early next week in Washington, and we agreed to do our best to heal our
country," said President-elect George W. Bush.

"I accept my responsibility, which I will discharge unconditionally, to honor
the new president-elect and do everything possible to help him bring America
together," said Vice President Al Gore Jr.

Gore first.

How hard it must have been for him to utter those words. For his entire life, he
has sought the presidency.

And as the candidate of the incumbent party at a time of unparalleled peace and
prosperity, Gore should have won handily on Nov. 7.

But Bill Clinton's popularity proved not to be transferable; indeed, the
president proved to be an anchor around his understudy's neck.

Certainly Gore's sense of entitlement, and his disdain for Bush, showed through
- too smugly, too often.

Gore clearly felt that he had a moral claim on the job. Sad for him that an
insufficient number of Americans agreed.

Now comes the hard part: Governance.

Perhaps the wisest of the words spoken by Gore last night were these: "Almost a
century and a half ago, Sen. Stephen Douglas told Abraham Lincoln, who had just
defeated him for the presidency: aePartisan feeling must yield to patriotism.
I'm with you, Mr. President, and God bless you.'"

What Gore didn't say was that the Civil War promptly ensued.

But the thought clearly was on Bush's mind as well last night:

"Our nation must rise above a house divided," he said - a reference to Lincoln's
"A house divided against itself cannot stand" speech, also delivered on the eve
of that war.

While the analogy clearly overstates America's prevailing political climate, it
would be a grave mistake to underestimate the bitterness generated by the
campaign that finally, thankfully, happily, has just ended.

All day yesterday, Democrats were urging Gore not to give up and vowing to make
Bush's presidency a living hell.

"As long as there is a glimmer of hope, [Gore] should stay in," declared Rep.
Carrie Meek of Florida. Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. of Illinois called the Supreme
Court decision "a potential threat to our democracy" and "undermining [to] the
legitimacy of a President Bush."

And former Gov. Mario Cuomo has even called on GOP electors to switch their
votes to Gore.

And they aren't the only folks who need to ponder the vice president's
admonition: Again, for emphasis: "Partisan feeling must yield to patriotism."

Will the Democrats play a positive role in setting the legislative agenda in
Congress, where the Senate is evenly split and the House nearly so?

They have a choice:

* They can wave the bloody shirt for the next four years, in all likelihood
paralyzing the political process in Washington and elsewhere.

* Or they can give Bush the political honeymoon to which every president is
entitled - and take it from there.

Make no mistake: This surely will be the toughest transition of recent times.

Assuming that Bush does get a honeymoon, it stands to be short.

Doubtless, he'll have to muster all his energies and skills as a "uniter, not a
divider" in trying to propel the nation beyond the lingering bitterness.

Last night, he began.

"I was not elected to serve one party," he told America, "but to serve one
nation. The president of the United States is the president of every single
American, of every race and every background.

"Whether you voted for me or not, I will do my best to . . . earn your respect."

The heavy lifting begins today.

Bush will be refining his agenda, and picking his staff, in the shortest
timespan of any incoming president in decades, now that the transition period
has been sliced in half.

But he mustn't let that serve as an excuse for delay; from the moment he takes
office on Jan. 20, the nation - and the world - will be looking for signs of
stability and competence at the helm of the planet's sole superpower.

Last night, Bush addressed several potentially contentious issues.

He spoke of tax cuts and entitlement reform and an enhanced national defense.

And he spoke in ways that made clear that he means to place a premium on
bipartisanship.

"After a difficult election, we must put politics behind us," he said. "I am
optimistic that we can change the tone of Washington, D.C. I hope the long wait
of the last five weeks will heighten a desire to move beyond the bitterness and
partisanship of the recent past."

Beginning, arguably, with the Robert Bork confirmation hearings and extending
through impeachment and the now-concluded presidential campaign, bitterness and
anger have informed public life in America.

Bush means to end this.

"The presidency is more than an honor, more than an office," Bush concluded. "It
is a charge to keep, and I will give it my all."

Godspeed, Mr. President-elect.


LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: President-elect George W. Bush Reuters

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               23 of 23 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          December 21, 2000, Thursday

TALK'S QUIET KING ; CAN LARRY SURVIVE THE TIDE OF CABLE TV YELLERS?

BYLINE: Adam Buckman

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 086

LENGTH: 495 words


THE people who run the cable news channels have decided that news is out and
talk is in.

The only question is: What kind of talk - the high-decibel arguing of Chris
Matthews and Bill O'Reilly, or the quieter conversation of Larry King?

Matthews and O'Reilly have volume on their side; King has longevity and viewer
loyalty.

Whichever style wins, one thing is certain: The recent post-election drama
rolled through the cable news channels like an earthquake, leaving destruction
in its wake.

CNN has already torn up its prime-time lineup to launch a raft of experimental
half-hours - "Wolf Blitzer Reports" at 8, "The Point with Greta Van Susteren" at
8:30, "CNN Tonight" with Perri Peltz at 10 and "The Spin Room" at 10:30.

With new construction going on all around him, King remains planted in the 9-10
p.m. hour like a holdout old building resisting urban renewal.

Over at MSNBC, the entire lineup seems poised for realignment.

Bet on "Time & Again" and "Headliners & Legends" to be gone. Look for hours of
talk led by some of the network's newly minted stars, including Ashleigh
Banfield, Lester Holt and the ubiquitous Matthews, whom I've nicknamed "Old
Yeller" for the way he's always yelling on "Hardball."

At Fox News Channel, meanwhile, talk shows have long been the network's
bread-and-butter - Bill O'Reilly at 8, "Hannity & Colmes" at 9 and Paula Zahn at
10.

There's no word on significant changes in the wings at Fox News, although the
network might consider moving "The O'Reilly Factor" to 9 o'clock in direct
competition with "Larry King Live."

Maybe then we can put to rest the debate over who's number one in prime-time
talk. O'Reilly says he is, because his ratings are often higher than Larry's.

The problem is this: O'Reilly is on at 8 and King is on at 9. No one knows how
O'Reilly would fare if he competed head-on with King or with Geraldo Rivera,
whose "Rivera Live" is seen at 9 on CNBC.

With the volume of cable talk being turned up to 11 these days, King seems like
a throwback to another era. In this over-heated political climate, who else but
Larry would interview Esther Williams or Angie Dickinson for an entire hour?

As Jon Stewart said on "Larry King Live" last Friday: "Every time I turn you on,
it looks like a aeMatlock' book club!'"

But perhaps there's something to be said for consistency. Katie Couric made a
point Monday on "Larry King Live" about "The Today Show" that could just as well
apply to King.

Said she: "I think in this day and age, when shows come and shows go, [a show's]
longevity is its greatest strength."

"A lot to be said for longevity," responded Larry in that somewhat sleepy way of
his.

Now if only CNN can get Larry to kick it up a notch.

Bam!

e-mail: abuckman@nypost.com


LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Talkie walkies: CNN stalwart Larry King is an old softie compared to
Fox's high-volume guy Bill O'Reilly (inset top) and "Old Yeller" Chris Matthews
on MSNBC.  Lawrence Schwartzwald

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.
