
                               1 of 10 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           December 12, 1997, Friday

SOME LIKE IT HOT ; A "CRISIS' LIKE GLOBAL WARMING IS A GREAT EXCUSE TO MEDDLE

BYLINE: George F. Will

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 037

LENGTH: 866 words


In the production of gases that allegedly cause warming, America is said to be
the worst "offender," which presumably means that Bangladesh is an especially
exemplary society. AL GOREHe knows best.  W IELDING two hypotheses, one about
global warming and another about frozen racial attitudes, Bill Clinton and Al
Gore are postulating crises to justify fresh bursts of therapeutic government.

When The New Yorker's Joe Klein asked Gore why he is so interested in scientific
abstractions, Gore replied, "People in Grand Forks, N.D., who had to move out of
their homes because of the flooding don't think global climate change is such an
abstraction." Clearly he means that the flooding was caused by global warming.

This is unverifiable conjecture. However, it is convenient conjecture if the aim
is to extend government's reach deeper into Americans' lives.

Tim Wirth, currently undersecretary of state for global affairs, gave the game
away nine years ago when he said, "Even if the theory of global warming is
wrong, to have approached global warming as if it is real means energy
conservation, so we will be doing the right thing anyway in terms of economic
policy and environmental policy." Which is why global-warming and global-cooling
hypotheses have been fungible as rationales for arguing that government must
revise American consumption and industrial practices.

In the '70s Americans were warned that "Earth may be headed for another ice age"
(The New York Times) with "extensive Northern Hemisphere glaciation" and "a
full-blown 10,000-year ice age" (Science magazine). "Brace Yourself for Another
Ice Age" (Science Digest). There were "ominous signs" that "the Earth's climate
seems to be cooling down," and "meteorologists are almost unanimous" that "the
trend will reduce agricultural productivity" (Newsweek). Glaciers had "begun to
advance" and armadillos were retreating south from Nebraska (The Christian
Science Monitor).

Notify the armadillos to get with the new program. However, be it cooling or
warming, the hypothesis hardly matters, if the hypothesizers' object is to
maximize contemporary liberalism's defining sentiments - compassion (for the
whole planet) and guilt. In the production of gases that allegedly cause
warming, America is said to be the worst "offender," which presumably means that
Bangladesh is an especially exemplary society.

Gore said in his book, "Earth in the Balance," that our civilization is a
"dysfunctional family" and needs "wrenching transformation." Presumably
government will be the wrencher, armed with what Gore calls new "central
organizing principles."

It also will adjust America's racial attitudes, using "race-conscious remedies,"
meaning racial preferences and government-sponsored propaganda such as the
president's national "conversation" about race. Proponents of the hypothesis
that Americans need government-supervised attitude adjustments say: Proof of
dysfunctional racial attitudes is the successful determination to disguise that
dysfunction.

That is the lesson some people drew from the disappointing, to them, failure, as
they saw it, of participants in Clinton's "town meeting" in Akron. Participants
supposedly refused to be candid. Proof of their dissimulation was, presumably,
the absence of anger and alarm. "Mr. Clinton," editorialized The New York Times,
"was visibly frustrated that the participants were less open and candid than he
had hoped. But full candor would be difficult, given the delicate nature of the
subject."

Unless the subject is decreasingly delicate for increasing numbers of Americans.
Unless the frustration arises from the annoying difficulty of trying to cure the
healthy. In fact, abundant data concerning attitudes about interracial
recreation, education, employment and marriage indicate steady improvement in
race relations.

However, proponents of therapeutic government have a huge stake in stigmatizing
(as greedy, uncandid, etc.) the notions that the planet is not in peril and the
nation is not obsessed with racial uneasiness. Regarding the planet's real
resilience, remember all the natural resources that, 25 years ago, we were told
would be scarcities by now? And regarding racial progress, consider this from
James Patterson's "Grand Expectations," a volume in the Oxford History of the
United States, dealing with 1945-1974:

When African ambassadors complained to President Kennedy about being refused
service at restaurants on roads to Washington, Kennedy asked his chief of
protocol, Angier Biddle Duke, "Can't you tell them not to do it?" When Duke
began explaining the difficulty of reforming the restaurant managers, Kennedy
interrupted: "That's not what I'm talking about. Can't you tell those African
ambassadors not to drive on Route 40? ... Tell them to fly."

Advocates of therapeutic government have to grit their teeth and face the fact
that regarding global warming, not enough is known about this hypothesized
problem to justify their agenda. And regarding racial attitudes, things have
been getting better remarkably rapidly and are more apt to go on doing so if
government will give the subject the benefit of some benign neglect.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 1997 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               2 of 10 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          December 17, 1997, Wednesday

NEW PROGRAM CZAR IS GETTING HIS MTV

BYLINE: JON ELSEN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 033

LENGTH: 389 words


"We're saying "Let's try to turn it over again." 'BRIAN GRADEN, MTV

MTV has its new programming czar.

The music-video cable network owned by Viacom announced yesterday that Brian
Graden, who joined MTV just four months ago, will be the first executive in
charge of all of its programs.

Graden, 34, told The Post yesterday, a chief objective will be having all parts
of MTV focus at the same time on major events in the music world, such as the
release of a Madonna album.

"We want to make these events huge," said Graden, who was given the title of
executive vice president, programming.

The weekend before Madonna's next release, for example, MTV might carry a
detailed news story, a Madonna history, an interview with the singer, and clips
from her movies.

"We want every element working together," Graden explained. "Viewers get
bombarded. Instead of 50 issues, we want to focus on one or two things that are
happening this week."

MTV has been an extraordinary producer for Viacom, which otherwise has been
struggling under the weight of its beleaguered Blockbuster video unit.

But in an effort to reflect the changing tastes of its audience, Viacom decided
to overhaul MTV, changing much of the network's management in the last few
months. Graden said he doesn't expect further executive changes.

MTV has made some big changes in its programming already, is cancelling several
popular shows, including "Beavis & Butt-head," "Singled Out" and "MTV
Unplugged."

It has also said it will move away from grunge music to more upbeat selections,
reflecting what the network considers a change in the interests of its viewers.

The network plans to announce its development slate next month.

"We want a climate of invention and experimentation," Graden said. "It's
tempting to do more of the same. We're successful, and we're saying "Let's try
to turn it over again."'

Graden is taking charge of music, news, specials, production, animation, talent
and artist relations, and scheduling. He is co-No.2, with Van Toffler, named
general manager in a shakeup a month ago. They both report to Judy McGrath, the
president.

Graden was previously in charge of TV programming, having come to MTV in August
from Foxlab. He was also executive producer of "South Park," the hot animated
series on Comedy Central.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 1997 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               3 of 10 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           December 12, 1997, Friday

KYOTO'S CYNICAL CHARADE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 036

LENGTH: 470 words


So leaders from across the planet have decided that the future of the world
requires a huge cut in greenhouse gases - 5.2 percent lower than the level
generated in 1990. Whence this magic number, this 5.2 percent? If the globe's
future is so threatened, why not a 5.4 percent cut? Or 5.8 percent? Or 7
percent? Or 11 percent?

That peculiar number - that 5.2 percent - reveals the disingenuousness with
which the world's leaders have conducted the Kyoto environmental summit. It's
one of those invented numbers that is supposed to have X effect on the
environment and Y effect on the economy 15 years from now - and we all know how
accurate governments are in predicting what will be going on 15 years from now.
The Psychic Friends can do better.

The leaders of the world know this. They also know there will be no such cut in
greenhouse emissions, whatever document they sign. It cannot happen without
halting growth in the developing nations and causing a depression in the United
States. Which means it will not happen - unless the unforeseeable happens, like
a major technological advance.

They know this, and so they lie. They lie to themselves about how brave they
are. They lie to their constituents about the good they are doing. They lie to
the world's environmentalists, who actually do believe that calamity is at hand
unless action is taken.

Bill Clinton and Al Gore are guilty yet again of the Big Lie. They can agree to
anything in Kyoto because they know they will be saved from economic
irresponsibility by the evil Republican Congress.

Wharton Economic Forecasting Associates prepared estimated costs for the nation
as a whole as well as for most states. The report found that the sharply higher
taxes and regulations needed to return carbon emissions to 1990 levels (let
alone 5.2 percent below that level) would cost New York state:

A total of 110,000 jobs, of which 18,000 would be in manufacturing. Chemicals
and apparel would be particularly hard-hit, since these industries would quickly
relocate to Third World nations exempted from Kyoto's strictures.

The average New York household would spend $500 more per year on appliances,
heating and cooling.

Gasoline costs would increase more than $300 per year per vehicle.

By 2010, the Gross State Product - the total output of goods and services in New
York - would fall $15 billion below what it otherwise would have been without
Kyoto.

Any way you slice it, that's serious economic dislocation. It's nothing like the
"all gain, no pain" approach to climate policy that has been pushed by President
Clinton and Vice President Gore. That's why, even as the world hails the triumph
in Kyoto, the Kyoto agreement is dead on arrival. That's good news. The
administration's continuing use of the Big Lie is very bad news indeed.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 1997 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               4 of 10 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           December 21, 1997, Sunday

BUILDER VS. MARTHA & THE VENDETTAS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 010

LENGTH: 436 words


REAL estate mogul Harry Macklowe has launched a new round in his ongoing turf
war with East Hampton nemesis Martha Stewart, charging that village officials
have conspired in an "all-out vendetta" against him.

The allegations were made in a lawsuit filed in Suffolk County even as bricks
from one of Macklowe's buildings were raining down on Madison Avenue.

The developer and the decorating diva have been duking it out for years over who
controls a sliver of land that separates their swanky Georgica Pond properties.

Macklowe now charges that village honchos, including Mayor Paul Rickenbach, Jr.,
have taken Stewart's side in the dispute. He alleges that village special
prosecutor Daniel G. Rodgers has breached a lawyers' code of ethics, and there
is a "deep-seated official bias and hostility" against Macklowe on the part of
villagers and local government.

"The extraordinarily hostile political climate," Macklowe claims, makes it
impossible for him to get a fair trial, and he wants a change of venue.

Macklowe was due in court last week - this time to answer to allegations he
illegally authorized landscaping and electrical work on the wetlands-regulated
strip between his property and Stewart's - but the trial was postponed in the
wake of the new suit.

Though judge Gary J. Weber will consider Macklowe's change-of-venue request,
East Hampton officials blasted the allegations as untrue. Special prosecutor
Rodgers labeled Macklowe's claims "smoke and mirrors," telling the East Hampton
Star, "they're trying to weave a conspiracy, and I just don't see it."

And Rickenbach branded Macklowe's charges "baseless," adding, "They're flailing
in the wind."

The suit and the trial delay are the latest ina long power struggle between
Macklowe and Stewart, who have been disputing each other's various development
and landscaping endeavors on their shared border ever since she moved in next
door to him in 1995.

Macklowe's latest beef is Stewart's plan to develop buildings on her property.

Earlier this year, Stewart found herself in hot water after she allegedly
threatened to mow down Macklowe's landscaper with her pickup truck. (The happy
homemaker had accused the lawn man of building an illegal fence.) No charges
were brought.

Stewart drew Macklowe's wrath in 1996 when she chopped down 14 trees and some
shrubs on the shared border - just minutes after getting zoning board permission
to do so.

The action amused those who remember a notorious 1985 incident when Macklowe
razed four welfare hotels in the middle of the night to make way for a hotel on
West 44th Street.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 1997 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               5 of 10 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           December 15, 1997, Monday

SOME THINGS NEVER CHANGE; NETWORKS KEEP MAKING THE SAME MISTAKES

BYLINE: Phil Mushnick

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 058

LENGTH: 980 words


IT'S NOT that networks' NFL production crews don't pay attention, it's that they
pay attention to all the wrong things.

Late in the first quarter of yesterday's Bucs-Jets game, Jet kicker John Hall
leveled kick-returner Reidel Anthony with a shot that sent Reidel flying. With
Anthony headed toward the sidelines, Hall could've shoved him out of bounds, but
instead chose to deliver a wallop. Hall then celebrated in an effusive,
self-absorbed manner.

Immediately, you knew Hall would be a likely candidate for retaliation on his
next kickoff.

With the Jets up 10-0 in the second quarter, Hall again kicked off. In fact, he
kicked off twice in succession as the Jets were penalized on the first kick. But
neither time did Fox offer an isolated replay of Hall. Did someone go after him?
Did he run the other way? Instead, the end of both kick returns signaled Fox to
post its AFLAC Trivia Question.

To make matters worse, it wasn't a trivia question, it was a ridiculous
question: How many Bucs, in the club's 21-year history, have made the Pro Bowl?
That's not a question you'd want to correctly answer. You'd risk being
institutionalized. (The answer was nine. Oh, yeah, now we remember!)

Another example: At the top of the telecast, Dick Stockton wisely noted that Buc
QB Trent Dilfer has a sprained ankle. On the games's first offensive series,
Matt Millen and a Fox camera focused on Dilfer's specially wrapped ankle. Good
stuff. In fact, Dilfer's injured ankle, and how it has rendered him ineffective,
was a recurring theme throughout the first quarter, then well into the second.

But it wasn't until midway through the second quarter when the name of Dilfer's
backup was mentioned! If Millen and Stockton had overlooked mentioning Steve
Walsh, wasn't there anyone to remind them? Perhaps not when you have to worry
about where to insert the AFLAC Trivia Question.

More: From the category of "Look what I found!" stats, Fox, yesterday, both
verbally and in a graphic, continued to push the Bucs' winlessness when the
temperature falls below 42 degrees as a worthy-of-your-consideration fact. That
the Bucs beat the Giants here a couple of weeks ago with the temperature a tad
above 42 degrees only served to solidify this pile of statistical nonsense.

Were the Bucs winless because of the temperature or, because, like every other
team in sports, it's more difficult to win on the road? That someone was foolish
enough to promote this silliness was bad enough, but wasn't anyone - Millen, for
example - inclined to debunk it? Half the Bucs played college ball in cold
climates and suddenly 42 degrees is their breaking point?

None of the above was enough to ruin the telecast, but it was enough to
establish it as the usual glop.

FOX'S NFL pregame continues to be so geared toward empty- headed adolescents
that its real success may be in discouraging the presence of intelligent fans of
all ages.

While Terry Bradshaw, in his continuing on-air portrayal of Jethro Clampett,
bristles at being characterized as a buffoon, if the shoe fits, you cannot
acquit.

Saturday, during the opening, Bradshaw's idea of clever was to grasp a bunch of
pencils, then let them fall. In the role of soothsayer, a howling Bradshaw said
the pencils pointed toward a Giants win. This wasn't funny. In fact, it was
stupid. Yesterday, there was more hootin' and hollerin' from Bradshaw.

Yesterday, Howie Long's excessively-hyped "All-Tough Guys Team," was not only
self-serving ("Thanks for picking me, Howie!"), it served as yet another reason
for Fox to entertain young droolers through a video reel of brutal hits and
showboating players.

AN UNTOLD number of "sportsmen" made untold thousands of dollars in an unholy
score at Freehold Raceway Friday night when malfunctioning tote machines allowed
them to bet the fifth race simulcast from Woodbine (outside Toronto), nearly 10
minutes after the race had ended.

The glitch also allowed post-betting on a simulcasted race from Yonkers, but the
machines were able to identify tickets purchased after the race was off. Patrons
caught post-betting on security cameras, said a Freehold official, are subject
to prosecution for fraud.

GENUINE racism continues to be supplanted and trivialized by the
wishful-thinking kind. The Pistons' Brian Williams says refs did not eject Net
rookie Keith Van Horn for hitting him with an elbow Thursday because Van Horn is
"The Great White Hope." How nice, a player smears three NBA refs as on-the-job
racists, yet suffers no penalty. Next, Johnnie Cochran will defend Williams'
right to free speech while looking into whether Van Horn's elbow is racially
motivated.

Saturday, as NBC's Greg Gumbel interviewed NBC's Jim Kelly about entertaining
offers to return to play in the NFL, it struck us: NBC hires analysts just to
get the jump on conducting on-air exit interviews. In recent years Julius
Erving, Mike Ditka, Bill Parcells, Joe Montana, Mike Fratello and Pat Riley have
all used NBC as a between-jobs waiting room. Coming soon: Isiah Thomas.

Mike Emrick will call Wednesday's Canada-USA women's national teams ice hockey,
live at 8 p.m., from the University of Vermont on the Lifetime cable network ...
Here's a fresh idea for local TV news directors: As the Giants' playoff game
nears, send a camera crew to sports bars and have patrons yell into the
microphones and mug for the cameras!

Yesterday, after Stockton read a promo for the show "Ally McBeal," the theme of
which "is so outrageous and so controversial we can't even talk about it,"
Stockton asked Millen, "Whattya think that's all about?" "It's top secret," said
Millen. "I could tell ya, Dick, but then I'd have to kill ya." (Phil Mushnick
hosts a live internet chat on the TV Guide Entertainment Network, tonight at
8:00, at http://tvguide.com)


LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BRIAN WILLIAMS Black and white issue.

           Copyright 1997 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               6 of 10 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          December 18, 1997, Thursday

VAN HORN'S CARRYING 'WHITE WEIGHT'

BYLINE: George Willis

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 093

LENGTH: 881 words


8WILLIS BRIAN WILLLIAMS calls the Nets' Keith Van Horn the league's "next Great
White Hope," and you can feel the resulting cringe at NBA headquarters,
especially in a climate where racial issues are an evolving part of daily
conversation.

Williams, the Pistons' outspoken center, may have slung from the bottom of the
stereotypical ladder when he went on to say that Van Horn has, "the weight of
every guy who plays with four knee guards and glasses on him." But there is
truth in what Williams says.

To ignore the lack of dominant white players in the NBA is to ignore the
obvious. Eighty percent of the players in the NBA are black, meaning just two
out of every 10 players are white. Usually, neither of those two players is in
the starting lineup.

That may not matter to the coaches in the league, who only care about acquiring
the best players; or to the players themselves, who only care about their own
survival or even to those fans, who can afford the ever-rising price of tickets
to a game. But if you believe a recent report by Sports Illustrated it's
starting to matter to those kids - white kids - who are deciding whether a
career in basketball is worth pursuing.

If you believe the SI article, titled - What Ever Happened to the White Athlete?
- most white kids don't think a basketball career is worth the trouble. The
report, based on a six-month investigation that included dozens of interviews
with coaches, athletic executives and a nationwide poll of nearly 2,000 middle
school and high school kids, revealed a decline in the participation of white
youngsters in team sports, particularly football and basketball, and suggested
that decline would continue.

Among the factors cited were economic, genetic and sociological, but the report
also concluded that white children are led to other sports like soccer or tennis
because they are discouraged by the success of black athletes in team sports.

"As some of today's young white males harbor doubts about whether they are good
enough to compete with blacks, they find fewer white superstars than ever to
emulate," the report said. As a result those sports are "losing some of its
appeal for the next generation of white kids."

If Van Horn can do anything to change that type of thinking, then he is, "The
Great White Hope," not to the NBA, but to young white kids looking for a role
model of the same skin color.

During a career, which figures to be long and decorated, Van Horn will attract
legions of fans, black and white. He is a phenomenal talent, who at 6-10 can put
the ball on the floor, shoot from the perimeter as well as penetrate.

"There's no one facet to his game," said Piston coach Doug Collins before Van
Horn scored 22 points to help lead the Nets to a 105-101 victory over Detroit
last night at the Meadowlands. "He's a great young player."

Van Horn would rather not have to deal with any racial ramifications of his
arrival.

"It's sad society has to think like that," he said. "People should just look at
you as a player and not a white player or a black player. Maybe by the end of
this season, I'll just be considered a good player."

Van Horn, of course, is no pioneer. But he is a reminder that it's not the color
of your skin that decides whether you can make in the NBA, but how you develop
your God given talent.

Even Brian Williams conceded, "If you can play, you can play."

What Williams objects to is any hint Van Horn is getting preferential treatment
because he is a white player with superstar potential.

"You don't see a rookie getting a lot of the touch fouls that he got in that
game," Williams said, referring to the meeting between the Nets and Pistons last
Thursday in Detroit. "From what I understand, he doesn't get those every game.
But he did foul two of our guys out."

Whether Van Horn is getting calls normally reserved for established players
because he is white is debatable and potentially volatile. Certainly, it didn't
look that way last night as he was 6-of-6 from the free-throw line.

Collins thinks Van Horn already has earned a measure of respect around the
league.

"As a young player he has the respect of the officials, and that's vital,"
Collins said. "The sooner you can get the respect of the officials, the better
your transition is going to be."

But can a rookie earn such respect in just a handful of games?

"You can," Collins said. "He's got good court temperament. He takes the ball to
the basket and he creates contact and puts himself in a position to get to the
free-throw line. But to get to the free-throw line in this league as a young
player, you have to go in there to create contact. They're not going to put you
on the line shooting a bunch of jump shots."

Van Horn was quoted in the SI article saying that ever since growing up in
Southern California people have referred to him as the next Larry Bird. His
idols as a youngster were Bird, Magic and Jordan, same as a zillion other kids.

Van Horn, weary of the Bird comparisons, has said he thinks his game most
resembles Derrick McKey, who is African-American. Maybe Collins has the best
comparison. No comparison.

"My whole thing is don't compare greatness," Collins said. "Let's just enjoy it.
He's Keith Van Horn. Let him be that."

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 1997 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               7 of 10 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                          December 20, 1997, Saturday

GLOBAL WARMING: AN INTEMPERATE CREED

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 016

LENGTH: 256 words


IN your editorial, "America-bashing: The cause that never dies" (Dec. 12), you
state, "We are not really competent to discuss the validity" of the
global-warming theory. This is not true. There is plenty of undisputed data
establishing that the global-warming theory is just that - a belief that cannot
be proved on the information available. For example: the slight, one-degree
increase in the earth's temperature during the past century followed a previous
temperature decrease. Most of this rise occurred before 1940, and observations
from both weather satellites and independent balloon-borne sensors show that no
further increase has occurred over the last 20 years. Environmentalism is not a
science; it is an ideology holding that unaltered nature is good, and that human
beings are evil. As a result of their anti-human values, even moderate
environmentalists routinely call for measures that would mean an end to economic
growth. Their more extreme colleagues demand steps that would effectively end
our industrial civilization. It is only by the use and abuse of biased
pseudo-science that irrational environmentalism is getting its goals turned into
laws. It is time to make decisions on the facts,not on runaway emotions.

CHUCK BRAMANManhattan (via e-mail) IF there is any truth to global warming and
you want to make a savvy investment for your retirement, buy a nice building
plot in the Pocono Mountains: Twenty years from now, you'll own a slice of
million-dollar beachfront.

THOMAS CORNISH Staten Island

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 1997 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               8 of 10 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           December 26, 1997, Friday

BIG BLUE GEARING UP ; FOR RANDALL OF OLD ; JINTS SAY CUNNINGHAM CAN STILL CREATE
HAVOC

BYLINE: PAUL SCHWARTZ

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 100

LENGTH: 783 words


There was a Randall Cunningham poster on the wall in his room back home, which
did not distinguish Charles Way from, oh, thousands of other Philadelphia kids.

"We all loved Randall," said Way, sounding as reminiscent as someone who turns
25 tomorrow can possibly sound. "He was The Man in my eyes."

Then Way grew up. He graduated from Northwest High School in Philly and college
at Virginia and is now in his third season as a bruising fullback, preparing for
the first playoff game of his NFL career. Times change, but some things do not.
Standing in the way of Way and the rest of the Giants is the man from the
poster, who somehow has been transformed from ancient history to the here and
now.

Can it be that Cunningham, one-time whirling dervish for the Eagles, called The
Ultimate Weapon, part running back, part quarterback, all dangerous, is back on
the scene after his final chapter had seemingly already been written? It's true.

As the Giants gear up for tomorrow's NFC wild-card game against the Vikings at
Giants Stadium, their sights will be on Cunningham, a blast from the past,
veteran of many battles with Big Blue, looking for another chance to put a stake
through the hearts of the Giants with one more sling from his right arm or fling
from those elusive, long legs.

"He looks like the same old Randall to me," defensive tackle Keith Hamilton
said.

The younger Randall was hell on wheels, but after 11 seasons with the Eagles,
Cunningham spent last year out of football and in the studio as an analyst for
TNT. He signed on as a backup with the Vikings and watched as Brad Johnson
produced an 8-2 record before a neck injury put him out for the season. Enter
Cunningham, who at 34 years old is being asked to halt Minnesota's sorry recent
playoff history.

He's not the same old Randall and how close he comes to a reasonable facsimile
will determine the fate of the Vikes. Where Johnson was a skilled pocket passer,
Cunningham is most effective on the fly, moving, rolling, scrambling, making
things happen. Those timing patterns to skilled receivers Cris Carter and Jake
Reed are not Cunningham's forte. What the Giants are wary of is Cunningham's
famed ability to run and his sling-shot arm, which can hurl the ball at
receivers located a time zone away.

"It adds a dimension," defensive coordinator John Fox said. "You have to mix up
what you do. They present a lot of problems in that they're very balanced and
the added dimension of a mobile quarterback is a factor."

In the past, when Cunningham started his escape act, he was looking to run, but
nowadays he's more determined to buy time for himself before letting the
football fly. The key for any defense is to keep a watchful eye for Cunningham's
scrambles but not to the point where defensive backs stray from receivers
believed to be out of Cunningham's reach.

"Once he starts scrambling, us as DBs just have to lock up, grab the closest man
to you and hang on," free safety Tito Wooten said. "As a safety, you can see him
sitting back there and you think, "He missed him, I can get him' and then
somebody slips behind you and he hits them. You get kind of jittery back there,
but as long as you stay deep and keep the receivers covered, somebody's going to
get him."

In his 3 games at the helm, Cunningham has shown rust, completing only half his
passes. He did toss four touchdowns passes in a season-ending 39-28 victory over
the Colts, but he also threw three interceptions and that game was played in the
climate-controlled Metrodome, not the swirling winds of the Meadowlands.

The Giants hope the Randall they see is the one who frequently let the Eagles
down come playoff time. Cunningham was 63-43-1 in 11 seasons as a starter for
the Eagles but only 1-4 in five post-season games.

All indicators used to rate quarterbacks took a turn for the worse for
Cunningham in the playoffs, and his three touchdown passes and six interceptions
is a clear indication why the Philadelphia faithful grew impatient waiting for
him to lead the Eagles past the first round.

Standing in front of him this time around is a Giants defense that leads the
league with 27 interceptions, and their 10 touchdown passes allowed is tied with
the Packers for fewest in the NFL.

"I think these guys are the future superstars on defense in the league,"
Cunningham said. "I'm not just patting these guys on the back. I really believe
that."

That's coming from a one-time superstar in the league, somone who was named NFL
Player of the Year in both 1988 and 1990.

"I loved watching Randall play," said rookie safety Sam Garnes, "but that's all
in the past."

The Giants aim to keep it that way.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 1997 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               9 of 10 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            December 7, 1997, Sunday

CLEAN UP BY INVESTING IN ECO-FRIENDLY FIRMS

BYLINE: BETH PISKORA

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 071

LENGTH: 523 words


AS Vice President Gore meets with leaders of more than 150 nations in Kyoto,
Japan, to determine how countries can better protect the climate from global
warming and pollution, investors are trying to make out lists of potential
winners and losers.

The 10-day conference, which will conclude on Wednesday, is expected to generate
a flurry of new laws and regulations governing industrial emissions. New
anti-pollution targets are expected to be set.

This could prove onerous to automobile manufacturers, since cars are one of the
biggest sources of air pollution in the industrialized nations.

It's no wonder that car makers like Ford (F, NYSE), General Motors (GM, NYSE),
Chrysler (C, NYSE), Toyota (TOYOY, Nasdaq), Volvo (VOLVY, Nasdaq) and Honda
(HMC, NYSE) are all well off their 52-week highs.

On the other hand, some of the biggest industrial manufacturers - companies
which might normally be thought of as polluters - saw stock price gains this
week because of new environmentally friendly products they have in the pipeline.

Take, for example, Allied Signal (ALD, NYSE), which plans to introduce a
microturbine next year. Microturbines are a low-pollution way of generating
electricity.

Although the product hasn't even yet hit the market, Allied Signal has signed
distribution agreements for the new microturbine with Unicom (UCM, NYSE) and
Sonat (SNT, NYSE), both of whom already have interested customers.

The new microturbine should help address air pollution problems.

On the ground pollution front, Allied Signal also announced this week that it's
teaming up with a Dutch chemical maker, DSM NV, to set up an $80 million
carpet-recycling plant in Georgia.

The plant will keep about 90,000 metric tons worth of carpet out of landfills
every year after it starts operations in mid-1999.

Ingersoll Rand (IR, NYSE) is also planning to roll out a microturbine, perhaps
as early as the first quarter of next year.

Of course, for most investors who want an environmentally friendly stock play,
the place to turn is Ben & Jerry's Homemade Inc. (BJICA, Nasdaq), the makers of
the delicious and ecologically correct Rain Forest Crunch Ice Cream.

Not only does Ben & Jerry's collect nuts and other ingredients from indigent
peoples living in South America's rain forests, it also contributes a small
percentage of its profits to environmental groups.

I'd also like to make a pitch here for Land's End (LE, NYSE) - not as a holiday
retail play but as an environmental play.

As I was looking through the Land's End catalog on Friday, I could not help but
notice how many of the featured items are made of Polartec. This is the
amazingly soft, warm, water-resistant fabric that's made out of recycled plastic
jugs.

If that's not environmentally friendly, I don't know what is.

Land's End has, like many other retailers, enjoyed a surging stock price ever
since early November when investors really started thinking about Christmas. I
do not yet believe that the stock is overvalued, however, and because of its
strong potential for revenue growth as well as its environmental focus, I
recommend it.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 1997 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                               10 of 10 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           December 29, 1997, Monday

MY TOP 10 ECONOMIC PREDICTIONS FOR THE NEW YEAR

BYLINE: JOHN CRUDELE

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 024

LENGTH: 481 words


I'm feeling lucky, so I am going to make 10 wide-ranging predictions for 1998.
Please destroy this column right after you've read it because I don't want
anyone keeping score.

1.Washington's "plunge protection team" is going to have its busiest year ever
trying to keep the stock market from collapsing. With Asia in turmoil, corporate
profits here sinking and even the biggest economic optimists getting nervous
(check out the disappointing level of Christmas sales, for instance), 1998 has
the makings of an interesting year.

If chaos reigns and the stock market bubble survives, go with it. That will mean
Washington is on the job and succeeding. But if things start to unravel, get out
of the market as quickly as you can.

2.General Signal Corp. will become a takeover target.

I believe management of the Stamford, Conn. company has already entertained the
idea of selling out, probably for around $2 billion. But now General Signal may
be having second thoughts.

3.President Clinton will have serious legal trouble, both from Independent
Counsel Ken Starr and Paula Jones, the woman who accused him of sexual
harassment.

Along with everything else mentioned in No. 1, this will have a very disruptive
effect on the financial markets.

4.Apollo Management and a related company will look to unload the 36 percent of
Samsonite Corp. they own.

Apollo, headed by investor Leon Black, hasn't made any statement and couldn't be
reached last week. But Goldman Sachs will probably handle the sale, which should
net Apollo a healthy profit.

5.The economy in the U.S. will slow substantially, (less than 2 percent growth)
with the fear of a recession again becoming very real. Companies will increase
job cuts to keep their profits healthy and stock prices up in a tricky market.
Layoffs will be a top topic of the year.

6.Takeover rumors will revolve around Regal Cinemas, of Knoxville, Tenn., an
upstart in the business.

7.China will be the next Asian nation to need a bailout.

8.Don Tyson will come under attack from Independent Counsel Donald Smaltz. Tyson
Foods stock will suffer the consequences.

Tyson was given immunity in the investigation of former Agriculture Secretary
Mike Espy but - and here's the tricky part - he wasn't given a pass on anything
else.

9.Time Warner will suddenly start cooperating with Federal investigators who
have been quietly looking into the theft of compact discs from the company's
distribution system.

The investigation, which involves millions in losses, is wide-ranging and
includes the Internal Revenue Service and anti-organized crime forces.

10.Hilton Hotel's chief Steve Bollenbach and John Crudele will meet and become
good friends. Crudele will promise not to write any more nasty stuff about
Hilton just as soon as Bollenbach gets his underlings to stop allegedly bribing
public officials. (No kidding.)

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 1997 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.
